"I stayed there for business purpose. The staff there were very friendly and made me feel like home. Even if I only stayed there for a few days, but the staff acknowledged me as if I was an old friend. I don't feel like a stranger at all. The hospitality is top notch!";
"We used the Mercure PIK as a transit hotel between our domestic flights and we were absolutely blown away! We loved how close it is to the airport, about 20 minutes, we just paid for a Golden bird taxi from the airport and booked the return through the hotel.   We had 2 rooms next to each other one for my family and the other for my parents. The rooms were very clean and modern, with everything you'll ever need, we found the beds comfortable. There is security at the door and they screen all bags, my father had knives in his bag (to cut his fruit lol) and they were taken off him.  On the return we had to depart a day earlier, leaving us with a day stay instead of an overnight. I explained this to the fabulous staff member Ms Ninik and she very kindly upgraded our room, the view";
"It was really a nice stay! Exellent service, well trained staff, clean, and sanitised room. Plus the hotel is connected with PIK Avenue Mall, where you can find anything you want. I will certainly be staying here again!";
"Great hotel with modern facilities.  Located around 15 minutes from the Jakarta Soekarno-Hatta Airport, close to all kinds of restaurants and the fact it is attached to the PIK Avenue mall makes it really convenient for a business long stay.  The staff will make you feel like home with all the kindness and happiness shown in everything they do.  In special all gratitude to Sandra, Gabi, Vilen, Ade, Woro, Angel, Dewi and all the front desk staff who shared their good vibes during all the stay and were very efficient in dealing with any request.  Definitely a place to come back to!";
"Never been this way welcomed anywhere. The team simply knows how to enrich the happiness feeling during your visit!  The gestures of the team were splendid.  Extra cleanliness and double checking to disinfectant the room prior my visit were applied.   Definitely a place to come back to.   You earned my respect and salute!  Regards,  AJ155";
"We came for family staycation,for the room is clean and tidy,we have a good view, breakfast with various menu,and have a delicious food,thank you for mas fery for the sincerely service, and also we have dinner at the Chinese national,they have excellent chinese food,thank you mba Lisa for the kindness service, after dinner we are going to Letterpres Bar,we met Mas Miftha , he make excellent cocktail for us, the cocktail have a unique and strong character, we haven't taste cocktail like this before, very recommended hotel,restaurants and bar";
"Stay for 3 nights in Swissotel Jakarta PIK Avenue with my family. Booked the rooms with my Accor Plus Card. Got a welcome message from Swissotel before arrival, and got a big surprise with room upgrade 3 or 4 level from our booked room type with more spacious rooms. The room is nicely furnished and have a large window and view. Great facilities with nespresso machine and comfy bed. Additionally, we got access to executive lounge during our stay which become our most memorable experience. The dinner served in the executive lounge was superb. Breakfast also great and delicious, nicely served with plenty choices of food & drinks choices. Restaurant has amazing decors and good layout. The pool and sauna is an oasis in the city, we enjoy swimming every morning. Direct access to PIK";
"Went back to J-town for a short escape during weekend. My staycation was perfect with Swissotel that strategically located in PIK area and 15 minutes of drive only from the airport, which is very perfect for people who have very tight schedule like me cos you can easily find anything in that area especially good restaurants and entertainment. And if you’re looking for a place to escape from a hectic Jakarta life this place will be a great idea! Everything still new, the building and the furnitures are very impressive and well designed. The breakfast was excellent with large of buffet selections, i enjoyed my hainan rice so much. The staff from the restaurant Mr.Very was very attentive and friendly, he’s nice and knew my preference really well. And I’d like to express my biggest";
"It’s my third time already staying in this hotel, and I’m always very satisfied with their service, hospitality, food, facility and all. Not to mention they’re strategically located in the place where there’s a lot of entertainments and restaurants around, with the best of view. Very recommended for a short escape in town!";
"Very recommended place where you can hang out with your besties and family. The cuisine is so excellent, the room is big and comfy king bed. And the most important is very clean and neat. I’ll be back in a time!";
"For me and family, I am very happy to have spent a vacation in this place because the service is very satisfying,delicious food, facilities, and its strategic location. In addition, the atmosphere is very supportive for holidays and office meetings. Hopefully I can come back to this place again soon.. then.. thanks to Mas Fadhli for good services  Salam Yani and Family";
"Hotel is very clean & convenient The Hotel staffs are friendly, too.  All about here is very satisfied  The Location is strategic in the center of Harbour and nearby some mall & tourist attractions.  Good Luck";
"This is my second time stay at this hotel. The service and the food also still great. I like the fried rice. Clean room, nice swimming pool. Thank you pak effendy and team for the hospitality. Bravo, keep it up :)";
"Alwasys come back to this hotel because the staff always give the amazing service, helfull and friendly. Room was good and clean. Good hotel for stay during this pandemic. Thank you Aston especially for Ai and Ratu they are so friendly and give me a warm service";
"The room was good, clean, and tidy good for stay in pandemic situation, staff was helpfull and friendly, start from security and checkin with ms ai sapitri .. breakfast also good .. location near with mall emopium and pluit juntion";
"So each room is designated with letters. And the K room is directly facing a tall building next door. so it s just like having a room with no windows. and the receptionist won't accept a room change. i guess it s saved for the VIPs. just great...  so as good as the interior is, i can't give this more than 2 stars. sorry. I believe other room will have much better luck and views..";
"Rooms are exactly as advertised, bright, clean and spacey. Although it is an serviced apartment, the cleanliness of the units are those of hotels. The quality of the furnitures are great comfy beds, comfy dining chairs and couch. The kitchen are adequate for general basic cookings with good utensils provided, enough for the number of people staying.   Outdoor area are excellent, big seating area with indoor and outdoor pool. But I want to note that access are limited due to distancing, I would recommend you to ask for details regarding this facility.   Two minimarkets, one at each end of the buildings.";
"If you intended to have a leisure swimming staycation with your friends or loved ones - mind that the magnificent pool area only accessible with 1 access card = 1 person policy. Thus, if you stay in Studio Room you got 2 access cards , but if you stay in 2BR Apartment you only got 3 cards, and 3BR Apt only got 4 cards. Children can get in without separate access card from adult, so for 5yo and under its no prob but if you go with your fam/friend please consider what I mentioned above about the rule - since it's a bit unfair and absurd, or consider booking many studio rooms instead of 1 bigger apartment so you can get enough access card to the pool for everyone - Or just get in like you don't care since I saw many other guests did this LOL. (Not sure this is Covid19 situation";
"Newly opened serviced apartment in a strategic location. Very complete apartment amenities and staff is extremely accommodating and responsive to my needs. Nadia is especially helpful, friendly and very attentive to her guests, making my stay a very pleasant one. Thank you for your kind and stellar service, Nadia!";
"Had a nice stay here. The room is relatively new and very cozy. Perfect place to unwind with great view. Nadia was very helpful during the leasing process. Very nice environment too. Evrything you need is here. Very recommended!";
"+: Spacious room. Overall cleanliness. Clean and modern room design. Good location. No frills. All amenities working perfectly. Good value at the time of our stay. Good for business trip. Good soundproofing.  -: Lobby is a bit obscure. Quite a long way to the reception without any clear signage. Staff (particularly at reception) can be more courteous. Reception area and hallway leading to it are quite dark.";
"The first time when I arrived at this hotel when the Psbb transition was in Jakarta, I saw that the checking standards of the hotel were still very lacking.  Entering the small lobby, two receptionists were ready to serve me.  given a room on the 3rd floor and my first impression of the room was spacious, this was beyond my expectations when I saw the photo from the website ihg.  Although in my opinion the lighting in the room is still very lacking, but for the design and aesthetics is good enough for the price and class of this hotel.  The hotel also provides free pgi meals but there is no buffee because the PSSB period is still ongoing.  My second note is that there are so many items that are damaged or do not function properly in the room such as broken TV stands, broken";
"This property is located adjacent to a very large new shopping mall and reasonably convenient to the CGK airport. The rooms are spacious and the beds are comfortable. One of the low points to this HI Express was the breakfast buffet. It was sparse and the coffee maker was u/s. Not enought staff and those that were there seemed to lack direction and skill. The hotel serves large Chinese tourist groups whom generally lack any manners or courtesy. No hostess seating so it was a free-for-all. Would not go back to this property";
"Everything was good !! Glad to be back here.. the room is clean, connecting with the mall also, Special thanks to Nella at Front desk and Elfa at restaurant for the good service during stay, keep it up :)";
"Great customer service and excellent location and that was as far as good things I could say about this hotel  Dirty bathroom , dirty carpets dirty walls bedsheets was not even properly fit into the bed ( too small) Breakfast was allright not much option Room 420. Please clean it properly";
"Great hotel for business matter.  Novi,  Wulan and Alya help me for breakfast today, good food good hotel. Recomended place for better plan for all business. All is served well.  From book the room till check out like a home that you well dreamed.";
"I was check-out today and feel the FDA is careless during my staycation here, when you have guests, you shouldn't play your phone and talk to others FDA. FDA not treated the guest well but the facilities was good enough. Thankyou.";
"I like stay here ,very comfortable ,and the staff is very friendly,the first time I stay here I feel happy and I will tell my friend about this place and I will comeback again thank you for welcoming me I very like stay here";
"It was my first time in Indonesia and Hariston Hotel & Suites never disappoint me. The service was great, all my request was all paid attention by the staffs just in time. The room was all equipped properly, wifi was great, it worked very well. Breakfast has many selection. Also, hotel's location was also convenient. Near airport, shopping malls, and attractions. There was a convenient store called Alfamart just next to the hotel. Overall, our stay was great and will definitely come back again on my next visit to Jakarta. This is probably my 2nd home here in Jakarta. Many thanks to the friendly, front desk staffs - Sarah & Chandra , they made sure that i had a great stay with them. Thank you Hariston Hotel & Suites and i will be back very soon!";
"It was a good experience overall here. The front office staffs surprised me to greet us by name by the second day of our stays & afterwards, the welcome drink was nice, the room is quite specious, we can see sunset from our room and it is clean. They can improve on the breakfast menus since we stayed for 4 nights there and would be nice to have different kind of menus. The hotel is very close to many restaurants and street food stalls, so if you want to try local Indonesian/ Chinese food, it will be a good choice to stay here. We like the pool side, nice and clean.";
"Best hotel in Pluit Area.. We're very satisfied with Favehotel Pluit Junction especially service and hospitality..  Special Thanks for Ibu Fidel, Ibu Grace and Pak Martin for their great help during our stay !! We definitely will stay here again in the future";
"room not exactly clean, the goods of others who use that room before me its still there, so i can say its not totally clean because u not exactly check every corner of the room, so please check the room if theres good from others is still at the room";
"Good stay,Thanks ms ines fast check in with friendly staff who are very helpful when asking for interest place in jakarta. For the room is not bad for a hotel in its class. Maybe i will come back to spend the night here again";
"perfect hotel to stay, comfortable room, good breakfast and great service especially wayan she was friendly and very helpful when i had breakfast. besides that the location is very strategic close to the airport, tourist attractions and in a shopping center.";
"Came back to stay in this hotel many times. As usual received excellent 5* customer service from both Ms Agnes and Mr Huda. Both are friendly with good attitudes and going the extra mile to help guests. Ms agnes personally informed me about my incoming parcel and kept it for me. Thank you for your help.   Something for the hotel management to take note for these 2 excellent staff. Thanks  The airport pickup and drop off shuttle can be improved in giving more time slots.";
"The hotel is not big it would count amongst the smallest hotel I know but I think it has a good location to reach north, central and western Jakarta area it also has easy access to the airport via toll. It is also within very close distance to tons of food and cafe.  I would recommend getting the delux room though, nothing lower than that, comparable to a normal hotel rooms, with window facing outward. Clean, functional, comfortable bed, acceptable lighting, sufficiently spacious bathroom and very clean. It doesn’t have a work space, but the table by the TV would be sufficient to do light work. The staff is quite remarkable, very helpful and polite. The breakfast is predominantly all Indonesian food delicious and fresh with options of soup and deserts. There are convenient";
"the hotel actually not expensive. but the room you get is small. the windows will see the lobby so you need keep the curtain closed all the time. they serve simply normal breakfast which no special food. but overall breakfast already good";
"Hotel is too small, room is basic (as a budget hotel standard). The good things is its location, close to supermarket and easy to find food around. Since the hotel located exactly in front of the hospital, so more convenient for those people from other cities/towns which are having something to do in the hospital. Breakfast is so so, nothing special. From my deluxe room, I still able to hear laud people voices and luggage dragging, in the morning and evening time. In term of room cleaness is not bad.";
"Its my 2nd visit in this hotel. The room is small but thankfully the sheet is clean..the towel a little yellow though 😅  They provides soap,thoothbrush and hair dryer which is a good thing..and coffee tea also.  The pillow quite fluffy  But when there are people walking through the corridor you can hear them..dragging the luggage..the neighbor next door phone ringing or water running (while they showering) is hear-able  There is supermarket downstairs and some cafe and eatery";
"We get in this hotel for 2 days, and the first impression was the one you can see in the pictures. The bed was as if it is never cleaned, same is the bathroom and what make it worst that once we asked for assistance they send new bed cover with the security and asked me to change it my self. Next day there was no water for more than 2 hours , and to add on this the rooms are very small with no view at all ( once you open the window you see the building iron cover blocking the view.   Asking for assistance there is something useless cus you will never get it.";
"Booked a room here and when I arrived it took about 30 minutes for the staff to find my booking. It's located near Emporium Pluit. The room was clean and nice. The bed was also comfortable. They didn't have electric kettle in the room but they provided 2 water bottles. They also had a spacious parking space.";
"as usual smaris hotel small room and clean but this time is not good at all.. the bed sheet is like to old.. the color change to white bone.. not look clean enough.. breakfast as usual. so so.. the location is good";
"I chose this hotel since I need to go to Heaven funeral. I expected basic/low budget hotel with comfortable stay experience. I know this is a budget hotel but.. seriously? no wardrobe, almost no hanger for shirt.. well okay not a big deal..   So. what is the main concern so that I give "terrible" score for this hotel  1. AC is warm, I call the front desk and they said it's normal. I don't complain much since I need to go to the funeral, and when I came back, yes.. the AC is really warm, so I request changing room  They said all rooms were occupied. I insist to get what I should get since I already PAID before I arrived at that hotel. Later they offer me another room (305), I quickly check the aircon.. it seems fine but.. whats that with MESSY AND DIRTY room and bathroom? So.. I";
"I stay at this hotel for 1 night. Located in the pluit area, near the heaven funeral. The Emporium Mall can be reached by a 10-minute walk, or 2 minutes by car. Room size is quite spacious for the size of a 2 star hotel. The room rates are pretty cheap compared to other 2 star hotels in the pluit area. Spacious parking lot. On Sundays there is a church in the first floor meeting room. The breakfast is quite okay although the menu selection is not too much. Overall I am quite satisfied with this hotel, the facilities are in accordance with the price i paid.";
"I cant feel the aircond, it's so slow that I sweat while sleeping. Also there's no kettle. That's very inconvenient. The service is friendly, the room is clean. The location is also okay. Nothing to shout about.";
"Merupakan tempat pengungsian terbaik dgn pelayanan & ketersediaan yg bertanggung jawab dr manajemen hotel. Thanks for service, free wifi, water, food & everything Dengan biaya rate yg terjangkau, maka hotel ini layak utk dijadikN tempat anda bernaung bagi yg membutuhkan jaminan kenyamanan selama lokasi tempat tinggal anda terkena banjir. Lahan parkir yg menjamin kendaraan anda terendam dalam banjir, serta genset yg membuat semua gadget anda tetap menyala di kala semua lingkungan di teluk gong jakut sudah terputus dr PLN";
"Hotel à proximité de l'aeroport, idéal pour une escale d'une nuit. L'entrée de l'hotel est difficile à trouver. Les chambres et la salle de bain sont grandes et très calme. A priori c'est une très bonne surprise pour le prix...jusqu'au moment où moment où on se met au lit. Les 2 lits de notre chambre étaient contaminés par les puces.";
"この地域でこの値段は高いかも・・・ 表の道路の渋滞がすごい。 朝食はミーゴレンのみ。コーヒー、お茶のみ。";
"On last new year's eve, I booked a room in this hotel as per my friend's suggestion (because the following day we would have a party in his house, which is pretty close to this hotel). When I made the booking, I was so surprised to see the rate, it was cheap, so I straight away confirmed the booking and made the payment. Soon enough I received a confirmation email about my booking in this hotel. I arrived at 02:05 PM, only to receive news that my room wasn't available yet, and the receptionist asked me to wait for 10 minutes. After nearly 30 minutes and seemed like no further news, I came back to the reception desk and asked about my room, and the receptionist told me she gave me the only available room, which is on the 2nd floor. Came to the room, first problem that hit me was";
"The people at the front desk are very friendly, but to book a room, you have to do this with some app. (They will assist you with it, I cannot recall the app since I never used it before, but booking a room needs to be done with their app).  Then you have a really clean room, perfect noise-insulation against the noisy Jakarta streets, everything is perfect.  But when you order food/drinks in the restaurant, they don't know the practice of putting the bill on your room.  The restaurant will start stalking you on the phone around 11-12PM at midnight.  And don't even mind eating there, 1/10th of the food on the menu is not available, the other is waiting to give you diarrhoea.  So the wake-up calls for paying for food that made you sick is the last you want.";
"I liked the hospitality of the staff, the room provided is also nice and clean. for the price that i paid, i got the best possible return for my money. There were also many food options around this hotel. If this hotel can be located closer to kota tua it would be really nice";
"Cozy hotel with best price from zenrooms. Clean, strategic location, good for business trip or with family. The service was very good, and all staff were very helpful.  Definitely will stay there again if i have some business around that area.";
"Hotel Baru dengan pelayanan yang sangat ramah, kamar hotel yang minimalis tapi mempunyai perlengkapan yang memadai. Breakfast : minimalis tapi mempunyai kaya rasa oriental. sedikit kelemahan : tempat parkir yang terbatas , tapi mempunyai security yang mengatur tempat dengan baik ... good location di Jakarta Barat , tidak jauh dari Glodok, mangga dua, wisata kota tua, dekat ke Pluit .. nice hotel with minimalis style and BEST RATE ..";
"I know the price is cheap but, very unfortunate if it can not keep the hotel clean an awful breakfast. rooms smell of cigarette smoke, bed sheets looks like not replaced. the bathroom was dirty. it seems unsuitable to bring business friends here";
"Old hotel location at pluit a crowded area near laguna apartment. Room is big with double bed or twin bed but old. Breakfast is average. Many street food near there if u hungry at midnight u can find food.";
"I was interested because of the cheap price they offered. The bed sheets is dirty. Even there was some (looked like) blood stain and other yellow-ish stain in the sheets. I'm not sure they changed the bed sheets before. The bed is HARD AS ROCK. The pillow is miserable. However if you're looking for a cheap price to stay around Pluit (and don't mind the hard and dirty bed) this hotel might be ok. *since I was here with my family, I'm not really recommend Sanno.";
"my self and my friend stayed in the hotel September 23 to 28 2016 staffs and service was good and i have faced only one problem in the hotel is wifi. all the time i went to lobby to use wifi.in the hotel and not only me some people. if the hotel solve this problem it will be good.";
"Old hotel with the big building and large makes us comfortable to stay in the big room and with the new design, good breakfast with the various food and familiar person, fast services, Interesting location near the port, housing and business area";
"free breakfast spread";
