"Gran Mahakam was the hotel I was going prior to the pandemic when I wanted to enjoy a great breakfast. This time, the breakfast was awful.  In my opinion, we value a service not when everything is going well but when the hotel still does its best to maintain the standard when the situation is hard. In Gran Mahakam failed in this. Instead of trying to do its best to remain a reference, they tried to save money where they shouldn't.  A very bad point for me. Moreover when we knot that the room in Gran Mahakam, compared to the value, are not the best in the city. No point to pay 1 million IDR for this night. Sorry for this bad review because the worker are still very kind.";
"I stayed at this hotel because of my cousin's wedding. It has a quiet big room, very suitable for families. The room has elegant room interior, has thick and cozy carpet, with big furniture.  My children very comfortable stayed in here.";
"I stayed with my husband for a short escape. Best hotels for families and couples, since it's comfortable enough and very homey. Love the interior, restaurant, and pool. Nice food and services. We reserved the suite room and it was all satisfied.";
"First time being here was back then during my Grandma's birthday in 2007. Back then the meal was spectacular. They have the most amazing Indonesian dish in my opinion. Over the time I came back again in 2010, 2018 for friend's wedding and just now, March 15 2020. We had special request of Japanese menu, crab handroll wrapped in edamame sheet, amazing! Their Nasi Combrang is also worth to try and of course their tasty dimsum. The staffs are very friendly and welcoming, from valet to restaurant staffs, all of them are very welcoming. If you're looking for good brunch or dinner, Gran Mahakam is the right place in South Jakarta.";
"Gran Mahakam has been kind of second home for my family and we’re going to this place regularly for special occasions: NYE, birthday dinner, or any other occasions. The staff(s) are very welcoming and helpful. We were once here for staycation too and it was lovely experience :) def recommended hotel!";
"Stayed there for 1 night in room 217, the room view was the street and transjakarta stop. The sound from the street, exhaust pipe of motorcycles and cars can be heard from our room, which annoying part.  The staffs were very friendly and helpful.  Requested the upper floor, unfortunately not available.  The room was nice, bed was comfortable, pillows as well, all the light use warm white style. The bathroom was nice but still need more repairs on the ceramic near shower.  Parking was a bit difficult for indoor but there are a lot of spaces for outdoor.";
"I mean like.. who doesn’t like Veranda? Good facilities. Near from nice places to hangout. Great breakfast. Nice pool ❤️. Pretty lobby. Also, helpful staffs! I love Wyls restaurant and The Japanese restaurant next to it. It’s called ‘Wabaru’. Can’t wait to be back!";
"Nice hotel, friendly staffs. A great place to stay for business and private stay too.  Breakfast quite a handful choices to select from.  And it is a great place to chill especially after a hard day at work";
"I always stay at this hotel every week or at least once a month. There was a time that i stayed 2 nights or 2 times check in at this hotel. The staff remember me already and they are very kind. The room is very homy. And now i feel like miss this hotel already hahaha";
"This is my 3rd time I stay in the hotel. I tried many other hotels before & I must say I like this hotel. Good rate for business traveler who just want to have a good rest at night.   The choices of breakfast is quite a lot compare to others &  quality of the food 👍. They have a Japanese restaurant which is also very nice.   I don’t have the chance to try/use the other facilities but the room is almost perfect. Sound proof. Nice bed. AC works great. I like the long & wide table that I can put many stuff there but only 1 power outlet near the table. Hot & cold shower with fine spray. This is important.  Surely I will go back to this hotel.";
"The 101 Hotel is a simple hotel located in Dharmawangsa area-south Jakarta. 101 Hotel is offering your with a reasonable price and clean. The staffs give a warmth greetings and helpful. The room itself is clean, bedsheet smells good and the bed is taking you to have a good sleep.  It has a good view of Dharmawangsa on elite housing area. Over all, 101 hotel is a good place to stay for your business trip or with family.";
"I love the location of this hotel... Near to Kebayoran Baru, Kemang, Blok M etc.And Darmawangsa Square is just next door. If you're looking for a hotel near the The Tribrata- the wedding venue, 101 is the closest one.  The room I stayed was clean & comfy, hotel staffs are also friendly.";
"Hi all, First of all I appreciate all your kindness and sincere service for us while I staying Hotel 101. Toyota ca breakfast service was excellent and the room service was good too. Especially, the lobby service desk Ms. ELIZABETH provide us a great service and very knowledgable about the neighborhood. She gave us good information to stay comfortably and safely during this pandemic situation. On behalf of my business partner and myself want to Express our thanks to ELIZABETH. I hope to see you again  Sincerely,  Isaac Yang (and CM Lee)";
"Eliizabeth is kind and can speak korean. So it is easy to extend stay and easy to ask something that wondered. The room is clear and the view is very good. I recommend this hotel to people that come indonesia.";
"Best location for staycation near from supermarket. the service was really great. the rooms are clean and the menu for breakfast is good. special thanks to mba Della for their exceptional helpful and very friendly";
"Sangat menyenangkan stay di Kyriad hotel fatmawati kamar bersih,luas,korridor eye catching dan fantastic dgn fasilitas coffee & tea, perlengkapan di bathroom juga bagus dan satiesfied . Keep doing the best !!!!  Regards, Irdamsyah Yunif T2 Hospitality";
"First I didn’t notice that Kyriad Fatmawati has nice room and so comfortable , bed sheet is clean and tidy , when cleanliness is a matter .. I feel home ..💕 Thank you for your hospitality pak Arie Irwanto , you have an excelent Team ..👍";
"What I'd really like about this hotel is late check-out at 3pm.  The room quite spacious and there is comfy sofas on deluxe room.  The staffs also very helpful and nice.  The breakfast is simple, but tastes good.  The minus is this premises located near traditional market, sometimes the bad smells came into lobby.";
"Thank you kyriad for the hospitality shown during our visit. We surprise the hotel improved a lot since our last stay. Now during covid 19. I never seen such hygiene and clean hotel like this. This hotel standard comparable to 5 star hotel in japan for cleanliness. Awesome experience.";
"Compact hotel, located in the business area with easy access to some famous trading areas. Room was comfort and clean. Very convenient. Breakfast was delicious. Staff are friendly. 2 thumbs up for the services.";
"Glad to be able to stay in this hotel because the service is very good! especially for Miss Dica who helped me even though the lobby was very crowded but she was very professional and super friendly. Also the hotel has good atmosphere, it's good for meeting because very comfortable with the snacks are delicious. I came here for meeting from my company. Thanks Grandhika and all the staff..";
"The rooms are very comfortable, and clean. While working I invite my husband and son to accompany me stay in here. And my son also likes the sweet breads when we had breakfast and felt so happy he can use the swimming pool before we checked out. good job!";
"Love the staff hospitality, the cleanliness around the premises especially the room. Nice breakfast taste, too bad ac in my room not fully working (too hot) but overall its a great stay. And would love to stay at grandhika again anytime soon";
"Located in strategic place, good venue meeting, the lunch was great and excellent services. Especially kak Dina, she has a good attitude and friendly. Recommended for business trip and I looking forward to come back very soon!";
"I have a pleasant stay in here. The room was perfectly clean. All staff's are very friendly and helpful. Especially Mr. Fahmi who incharge in F&B Service. He knows how to treat a guest with excellent service. He also helpful, friendly, and he always give his best service to me. To all guest also i guess. Sending my best regards to Mr. Fahmi in F&B Service. Thank you for your service! You're the best!";
"Cozy place, floor plan of room is really great, master room and balcony have a excellent view, the kitchen and kitchen appliances is great, laundry machine is very best, swimming pool is so cool view, this place are very recommended. Love this place, wish can stay at this place again";
"This is mt 1st time try to spend my weekend on this property. The hotels was so clean and nice. T have been staycation in some apartment or 5 stard hotels. But this hotel was suoer nice. I will take my next syatcRiin when I hace time ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐";
"Its such a pleasant experience stay in this place, Comfy room, excellent service, and quite surrounding environment. We experiencing some fun and happy short escape from our daily here See you at our next staycation..";
"This is a great choice if you travel with family or in group as this is an apartment hotel. The location is perfect - close to CBD, Senopati, Pondok Indah Mall & Gandaria City. I like the matress as it's pretty firm/good quality mattress.";
"Excellent Service, Property, Amenities, and many other ... Thank you for having me and my sisters  Can't hardly wait for another staycation with our parents and families.. Especially our parents. after seeing our pics and video. They are requesting to stay here at Oakwood La Maison with the grandkids.";
"Just visited Ambhara hotel for short getaway last night. Arrive at 08:00 p.m. my plan was to grab a quick dinner and then go to sleep, but the interior design of the hotel made me wandering around. And about the room, I don't know what fragrance they use but it's sooo relaxing and I really really love it!. 😇  I told you about the design right? Check out the wardrobe pic I took, it's so majestic! Made me think of it as one of that Narnian door. 😆  At 07:30 a.m. I'm about to leave the hotel and I received a heartwarming check out service by Miss Widya. I mean all the staffs are super friendly, they'll greet you in a nice gesture and all. But Miss Widya is different, you can see her smile and sincerity even though she's wearing a face mask! Someone's eyes really can tell a lot I";
"Halo my name is irvan abians, Me and my friends so happy stay at Ambhara Hotel, Because hotel location very strategic, and near from Mall. Dear as Receptionists very kind and humble is helpful. Will stay again in this hotel for the next visit, very recommended.";
"Ambhara Hotel Jakarta is on top of my mind when it comes to an event. On this special occasion of my past birthday, I want to rejoice with my friends in a cozy place along with the broad menu they offer that we're craving for.   I also want to acknowledge the following people who've helped us out to have this experience, Bu Dina (Director of Sales & Marketing) and the staffs, Lovy, Dian and 2 kitchen trainees for their attentive services.  If you guys read this, please go make your reservation and enjoy this money-worthy yummy 😋.";
"One of the best hotels in Jakarta Start at arrival and check in .. the best service and the most friendly and professional staff.. thankyou for the good service and hospitality of the great staff Ms. Cyntia as well as receptions staffs.I really enjoy my short stay at room 5542, and love the breakfast..The Indonesian Food and Fried Rice i like it.Yummyyyy... very recomended for your stay in jakarta. 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍";
"I stayed there for 1 nights in 21st Oct 2020. This hotel is strategic, near from everywhere, especially when you have meeting in South area of Jakarta. Lobby looks fine and clean. The staff are also friendly. I haven't seen even a single seat table chair at the lobby, so you really don’t want to wait for anyone here upon check in or check out. I was given a room #3344. The room are quite large and clean. Even though I had a problem with the room at the first time, luckily Rina the receptionist and the engineering staff that I forgot the name was very helpful and indulgent, she was fast and sincere, when I needed so many things.";
"So far good, if your trip is to enjoy the hotel and can have access to malls, cafes and good. restaurants nearby, a perfect choice to stay.  However, in terms of service could do better. The guest service supposed to be an excellent service, however need to improve in their human resource. - how to treat customers better.";
"We love the pillow and the bed, bathrobe. Very comfy. I wonder where to buy it. I really want to have one :). The staff and the service was excellent. I love my short anniversary staycation. I will come back for sure!!!!";
"Amazing location and city view. Located at Sudirman Central business fistrict, prime location in Jakarta. Simple, Modern, & minimalist design with contemporer art instalation. The service was great. There are 3 restaurant (vong kitchen, le burger and hakkasan at the rooftop). Near pacific place shopping mall and idx tower. They have amazing pool view with jacuzzi. I really love alilla's pajama towel, that's really cool.";
"Despite they only have 3 types of rooms, almost all rooms on 1 floor have different sizes. If you book xl studio and allocated room ending with #10, it's one of the smalllest room they have and has no work area. This is very strange because even the studio room has work area. The only reason they sell it as a xl studio instead of studio king is because the bathroom has a bath tub. Even if this room is sold as a studio, it didn't even fulfil the standard because all the rooms are advertised equipped with work area.  Appreciate the team allocated me to another room which is one of the biggest room for xl studio. The guest experience manager also came up with a souvenir and card when I check out. However, first impression does matter and it wasn't a good one. It somehow ruins our";
"Best hotel in the city with a nice staff & good services. Having a birthday such a wonderful time in there . Also it’s very easy to access to mall Pasific place . Having dinner & breakfast just by walk ..";
"Spent a few days here, its a nice hotel in terms of look and feel. A heritage look with many unique and traditional touches which would be interesting for people from other countries.  The room was decently sized for 2 persons, a very spacious shower area which was so big you could swing a cat, even a dog in it. On the other hand the toilet was small and if you were sitting down, you would need to swing aside to close the door. Minor details.  Nice capsule style coffee machine, standard bottles of water and a very nice toiletries set designed by an Australian company called Apothecary. Great scents.   The room air-conditioning was not functioning well tho, even after being re-booted, it worked well for a few hours and then it was back to being warm and not cool. Not sure if its";
"stayed here to celebrate our anniversary 2 weeks ago, a week before we checked in, we request to have a decoration in the room. the decoration is just a standard one, and they also sent us a piece of cake as a complimentary. We dont have chance to breakfast in SOFIA since it was closed for hotel guest, too bad. my highlight is the breakfast option. since they dont serve buffet breakfast, so they offer us 1 meal only ( ala carte ) menu. a bit disappointed because we pay for a good rate to stay there. i have nasi goreng, and they waitress said if we want to have another menu, they'll charge us. too bad.";
"So pretty! Not the largest or most practical hotel (there is barely enough room to put toiletries or space in room to hang clothes), but I would stay again just because it's so nice to come back to an aesthetically pleasing room after a long day. Staff was also very pleasant.  The breakfast is pretty lousy, it's a la carte and not tasty at all. Couldn't finish my breakfast.  In spite of its shortcomings I would still stay again. Not recommended if you are a very practical person though.";
"Great alternative to usual boring business hotels. More homely, warm and nice colonial historical feel. Rooms ok if small and restaurant downstairs (Sofia) is good for both breakfast and dinner. Staff nice and friendly if at times a bit forgetful. Slightly let down by noisy aircon and at times things get forgotten (replenishing room supplies, wake up calls, etc) which is a bit of a pain. Try and get rooms at back of hotel as quieter and avoid rooms on top floor with a 06/07 ending as the roof is sloped so feels a bit claustrophobic";
"Really nice hotel with European classic design, its make my stay was wonderful and mesmerizing. All facilities are good and really nice ambience, make me feels like in my own home. All the staffs are very kind and sincere. Special thanks to Ms. Liza from front desk, who delivered an excellent service to me, and also gave me a late check out at 2pm. Will be back soon for sure :)";
"its simple place with cozy ambiance, also the deluxe room really worth it, free netflix? yes please, clean and tidy althou small bathroom is more than enough to suffice your stay, its close to a range of streetfood you could order. definetly would do a simple staycation here again!";
"A perfect getaway in the middle of the city, near the MRT station and small food stalls and coffee shop. the room is cozy and comfortable, also very clean. I like the industrial themed bathroom wall. Definitely will book the room again.";
"I had a really pleasant stay at Flat06 Cipete. Both types of room are spacious and comfortable. Rooms are equipped with TV (Netflix are only available for the bigger room - Superior room if I’m not mistaken), refri (also for the bigger room - but if you stay at the smaller room you are still free to use the refri in the kitchen), good quality AC, cool bathroom (the heater was nicely functioned), desk and chair, soo many storages (on the tv desk, on the side of the bed), cupboard, and coffee maker. You can even plan on making a fancy dinner, because the kitchen is the best part! They offer a complete set of cooking utilities that you are free to use.   They might still need improvement on the bathroom because it was a bit smelly (just a bit), and also it was a bit noisy because";
"The location is strategic. Nearby MRT station, grocery store, atm. The room design is nice, simple yet unique. The room is clean enough. We can get free refill water in the kitchen. Free laundry 4 pieces every day";
"Comfort, simple and clean room, warm and helpful service from all staff, nearby Haji Nawi MRT Station and Pondok Indah Mall. Light breakfast, suitable for  business and family to stay.. Great stay at Flat06";
"I stayed last month in this hotel for business trip. I found my room extraordinary clean and nice bed.  Appreciate the helpfull team in housekeeping the whole time and any request is handle in good manner.   I will return to this hotel in my next trip and would reccomend M Hotel to anyone who look for clean and budget hotel in Blok M area.  Cheers DA";
"My second time staying here and the M is as nice and comfortable as before, with very clean rooms and friendly, attentive, and caring English-speaking staff.  Literally a stone's throw away from Blok M Square and adjacent to the Japanese district which has an East Asian grocer, a Starbucks, and myriad Japanese restaurants.  The other Blok M area malls are within each walking distance as is the MRT, and convenience stores are ubiquitous.  Convenient is that each level has a table and chairs to sit outside one's room, and smoking is no problem since this area is adjacent to an open-air atrium, with a hot/cold bottled water machine beside.  There are two lobby areas on the ground level which provide extra security as the inside lobby can only be reached by key card.";
"I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights from 25 to 29 october 2019. Got a room on the 2nd floor (201). The guests are given the access card that also serves as a security card. I like that. The hotel is accessable to the Blok M Square and also a short walking distant to the Blok M bus terminal. Breakfast was great! I would surely return to this hotel for my next visit";
"The hotel service are excellent. I found my room always clean and tidy during my business trip to Jakarta. The staff are also always very helpful. Internet also super fast and I had no issue on Wi-fi connection. Good Job M Hotel!!!";
"There are plenty of places to eat and Location is so good.shop and convenient. The staff is also nice. It is the best if there is a refrigerator in the room.room price < good value .I recomend M hotel to you.";
"I stayed here for 2 nights. The hotel is located near the Blok M Plaza, Blok M Square, and Blok M MRT Station. The location is very helpful to help me catch the public transportation.  . The staff were really responsive and friendly. Fast response service. But the room seemed not really nice for me. The cleanliness of the hotel should be improved.";
"when check in , the receptionist giving us detail info for room and breakfast . the room was clean and tidy . the breakfast also have a good taste and varian for a 3 star hotel . check in check out so smooth , breakfast not so bad , clean room , have a good hot water . exceed my expectation";
"Staycation here during easter. Strategically located near Blok M Plaza and Blok M MRT Station. Overall, the room was good and clean, although a little bit small. The bed was comfortable, but the breakfast, well, just average and can be improved. Overall, will stay in this hotel again in the future.";
"I made reservation through t..v..oka apps with a couple condition such us Non Smoking Room and Single Bed, staying from 12 till 14 Desember 2018.   I depature at hotel at 8pm on 12th Dec, reception was giving me room 215 and i ask her to give me non smoking room and big bed as per my request on t...v..oka apps.  When i come in to the room 215, smells so bad (smoke scent very strong) and AC broken. I complained to reception and she give me alternate to transfer my room from 215 to 205, i am accept these way out..Room 205 have good scent (very fresh and good AC.  At 13th Dec, i am not stay at my room 205,  bring my goods with me. Then at 14 Dec morning i would like to back to my room 205, but surprisingly the room 205 stayed by others person..how come the new guest could stay in";
"Place strategic location, futuristic design room, comfortable suites, good food and overall this is a nice an recommended hotel to stay no doubt to come here again next time to bussines or travelling.";
"Web stayed at budget hotel so, we get what we paid actually. I'm not trying to sound that it's a bad thing. I'd say Neo Tendean hotel exceeds as a budget hotel. For its price, we received excellent hospitality from its staff. Food was good. WiFi was available and considerably fast.  Would choose to stay at this hotel again. Thanks, guys. Keep up the good work!";
"We checked in late around 11 PM after catching a flight. When we entered our room it was not made up--the pillows and blanket are messy, the bathroom floor is wet. In the corridor, the ceiling had a noticable hole. The manager apologized and moved us to another room. It was after 12 AM, we are trying to sleep (the A.C was not cold at all) and the staff knocked to gave us fruit platter as an apology. We appreciate your gesture but you should have wait until the morning. And the plate is too big to be stored in the refrigerator. We gave up and checked out in the morning although we already booked (and paid) for another 2 nights.";
"I chose this hotel because it is located close to the Senopati area in Jakarta. It did not dis-appoint me. Firstly the staff are very friendly and the check in is very fast. Next the room was of good size and the bed was very comfortable.  It has a nice restaurant on the ground floor called Clays and a cafe called X coffee which serves coffee in ice cream cones. There is also a swimming pool but it is small. It is very easy to book a grab taxi from this place.";
"My husband and I used to have weekend getaway once a month. This time we choose Neo Hotel Tendean since the hotel located near our office in South Jakarta. When we arrived, we found the duvet and linen are dirty and smells bad as well. The towel also grey, and I have to asked the cleaning service to change the linen and duvet since there were many stain on it.  The bathroom also dissapointed since the design seems all wrong without any door for shower space. So when you take a bath, the floor will be wet and easily to slip on it. They have a small swimming pool, yet I was questioning about their design for it. They put tables around the pool so the guest can sit and enjoy. However, the water spilled everywhere near the table if someone goes into it because they seems don't have";
"It is avarage hotel, better to stay there for work stay, not for holiday. Rooms are clean, breakfast enough. Location not so close to shopping centers, i mean not possible to arrive there by walk. You have to use taxi, and it is big problem in Jakarta traffic";
"stay for a week in the hotels due to wife moving for work. room was cigarette smell for the first time, no minibar available and must pay extra charge for minibar. room maintenance and cleanliness was poor. shower grout was mildew.  new normal protocol is Ok, front office staff was not friendly. security, housekeeping staff, Room service was friendly and warm welcome.";
"The room was quite nice and have a view of the MRT which my son loved. No coffee or tea maker which makes it difficult for me to make milk for my toddler. However there is the water dispenser near the elevator.  The breakfast was okay, however the cleanliness was not. The utensils they used was for everything. They don't use separate thong.";
"I came late to stay with my family, Hotel itself brought us to minimalize interior and also enough variety of foods while taking our breakfast. My comment just for increasing your service delivery, it was taken a long time to deliver guest's request especially in the night up to 11pm  and train all staff to have diplomatic way how to handle guest's questions. Overall it was good enough. Thank you";
"I’ve stayed in this hotel for more than 10 times, but everytime i go to Jakarta i always make this hotel as my choice. Its room service, its comfortable and clean rooms, its warmful greetings every time i arrived at the main door makes me want to come and come again.   Overall, it’s a great hotel.";
"employees who are not only friendly but very helpful in everything. besides this hotel room is very neat and clean, for hotels with cheap prices can get a good breakfast. this hotel is an affordable hotel that can get good facilities. the hotel also has many promotions with various discounts offered by this hotel❤❤";
"We missed our room  at the hotel next door, so we chose Amos Cozy A very bad hotel with bad service. Not that cheap at all.  We have chosen a junior suite, because we had 4 big suitcases, that will never fit in a standard room.  Bathroom, we got worn shower gel (1/2 bottle) Dirty toilet was not fixed and dirty, dirty full of spots on the plug. Dirty and filthy towels and bed sheets Will never and ever back again";
"I have three days packages meeting. for first day actually there many problem about projector and banquet always standby to help start at 7am.  For the rest of the day everything the event is great. the food is very delicious and can handle at injury time and for the services is execellence.";
"Left waiting for over an hour while the front desk tried to locate housekeeping staff to find a room that was cleaned - not airconditioned and after an hour I asked for a water  which was brought just before I finally went to the room - rarely lose my cool but close that day";
"This is 4 stars hotel, the price also cheap like 330k idr, but the front office is very bad in servicing me... they dont smile, they dont regret me, and also when they answer my question with bad gesture  When i come to the room, the water is not clean, and the heater sometime it works, sometimes it doesnt. The toilet is not good either. And the toiletries is not good also (the toothbrush)  The good thing here is the swimming pool which is indoor n quiet clean, but not the fitness room, when i come, 8pm... its already dark n no one there!";
"I would comment satisfactory on the overall service. During check in, the ambience was felt when entering the hotel. I appread to be as cosy and classy as what was expected, the check-in process took a little longer, but was tolerable as I was upgraded from my reserved room to another room which was even more spacious.  I was so impressed with the location of the front desk. It is location in way that makes it look non mainstream. The hospitality rendered by most of the staffs should be given credits especially to a staff namely Asih. She was positioned at the Kokoo restaurant where we had our breakfast. She seemed very mobile and friendly. Her soft and polite character has gotten our attention to extend our gratitude of her excellent job. Such an excellent service skill that";