"It is so wonderful hotel during stay in here.. Nice hotel, nice staff, great performance, and then the breakfast are totally complete enough.. Everything is so impressive.. Awesome! And I Will come back here one day";
"What a nice hotel! Not looks interesting from the outside but everything inside is very impressive!!! Very nice experience as long as I stayed in this hotel... Excellent servicenya by hotel staff are really appreciate, facilities also really good even though the WiFi connection are often getting problem and swimming pool has no long bench or table and chair for us put the stuff.. but that's okay, overall are really impressive";
"I am traveler and often to stay at various hotels around the world. This hotel is impressive enough for me, they have a nice facilities with a good performance of staff. The room also very nice with spacious size! Bathroom also tidy and clean... And that is the most important things...  Overall, everything is very nice even though the building is not looks nice..";
"Pretty nice to stay in this hotel! This hotel is not the new one, but the facilities and rooms are very awesome! The room was renovated and spacious... Breakfast also great with various of choices! WiFi also good, nice!";
"What a nice hotel to stay. The price is cheap enough, but the facilities are totally fabulous! Nice room with a city view os reccommended, the room also spacious and tidy. The hotel staff are verry verry friendly and helpful, identic with Indonesian culture.";
"Overall stay was okay and no welcome drink and welcome fruits anymore provided for ALL members there. Location wise was perfect because near to the mall (Atrium Senen) and they did not provide mineral water in the room as well because they provide a water Dispenser at the corridor so that you can have the mineral water as much as you want.";
"It has been a great experience living in Ibis for the past month. The room felt refreshing every time i entered it after a long day at work. Therefore, it has been a great experience for me. Definitely a destination to stay overnight that close to my working place.";
"Came to the hotel just before midnight, and was greeted with a good service at the reception. They let me have the room I wanted, without prior reservations. Overall a good stay at this Hotel, location wise is comfortable for my stay.";
"I was working on an event in that area, so this hotel was under the radar. My Colleague book it for me, and the stay was good. Nice room view and the front office staff make it easy and enjoyable because of their good service. I would recommend this hotel for business related stay.";
"I was not sure about this hotel at first, but as I walk in to the front office there was a good vibe and warmth. It makes my experience there worthwhile. Although the busy streets of Jakarta made it hard to compliment, but i guess their staff's service has to be regarded with good feedbacks.";
"I just visited this night to meet my friend who stayed in this hotel. Honestly, I not stayed yet however I have bad experience with their staff especially the security guards. I don’t know what happen there or the sop for them but I think what happened to me as their guest were rude. My friend and I were came to the hotel with a car and driver, from the beginning the security guard give us a kinda rude attitude, without any clear instruction to enter the main gate and do the security check. We still ok with that. Then, we have to wait about one hour and half at the lobby. And for the first time, I felt so annoyed with the security guard. He was walked around us and looked curious and annoyed with us. As my experiences, we can meet someone at the lobby, right? Even we can talk";
"Located at Central Jakarta, Lumire is a perfect location to those who have a working purpose around this area : meeting a collegue, attending a seminar, or even a short getaway. As I believe, a new inspiration sometimes comes from a a right place at a right time. . The room itself is 37sqm sized, completed with a kingsize bed, a working desk and a bathtub. If you ask me what is my favourite? Nothing else than the view of the iconic National Monument from my room window and an easily accessible shopping mall by walking. Love it!";
"very nice older hotel,good location next to mall and was quiet,breakfast was good so was the coffee.rooms are nice with big bathroom with bath tub, standing shower with lots of power too with lots of hot water, will stay there again.";
"check in at peak hour on holiday season.. it takes quite long time to get the key room (still on cleaned up) & my baby get cranky want to change diaper, so the staff give us any available room while waiting. really appreciate it. the room was clean & spacy.and a walk distance to atrium plaza mall.";
"this is our second time visited and still we feel just satisfied with this hotel. Keep a good work and maintain this hotel services as well as cleanliness. Ps. breakfast had various of menu but were the same day by day, but it's not a problem at all";
"This hotel is old style. But well maintained,bathroom was clean,room is big. Quite good for 3 stars hotel. Many convenience store and culinary place or food street surrounded. Friendly staff. Good place for business trip";
"I stayed in Blue Sky Pandurata Hotel Jakarta for 4n/3d and the experience was extra ordinary! The staffs were all smiling, super friendly, knowledgeable, extra caring when u also needed help. Blue Sky Pandurata  never fail my expectation. Since the first time I choose this hotel, they give a remarkable experience in my every stay. I hope to bring my whole family to stay here and enjoy all facilities, service and the food.";
"Good Hotel for 3 star, with great food of taste and comfortable rooms . Variants of menu's breakfast .   Located in strategic at central jakarta. Now they are still progressing for renovations and hopefully next visit we get a new rooms facilities and more fresh.";
"Located nearby Cikini Hospital. The room was comfortable and clean. Bedding, pillow, AC, TV Channels, hot shower were ok. The staffs were nice and helpful. I didn't try their breakfast.  Parking area is available but limited.";
"We stayed for 2 nights at this friendly and hospitable hotel. Very nice staff, like Sanusi at the front desk. Good clean rooms, nice breakfast, helpfull people, good Wi-Fi. The Hotel is situaties in Menteng with is a very good neighbourhood.";
"Stayed there for the first time because of the proximity with the business place I visited. The room was oky for the level of standard of budget hotel, however from the room  (#102), I could hear the noise from the lobby, including phone ringing at the front desk. So my rest was not satisfactory. Perhaps the management can improve it. Thanks";
"Simple white-apple green concept with graffiti frames..Friendly staff..Located in the middle of town which is easy access for Grab/Gojek..situated next to school (which me as traveller able to see how does the Indonesian school look like..next to mall & fast-food & mini-mart..Overall, i love it!";
"It was pleasure staying at MaxOne Kramat Jakarta. Faiqul the front desk was the funny and friendly guy. Fast check in, nice room service, hot water ambience, location,and also people surround the hotel.  Very calm and peaceful hotel in the heart of Central Jakarta, stay was very good and the food was also great. Stayed for one night, got the best price and we had seen the great hospitality by the staff and the General Manager. A very much recommended for family and couples.";
"Clean, comfortable and modern! Everything from the beginning was so easy there. The place is charming, with modern furniture, comfy beds and a really nice bathroom /shower. And the guys at the reception were really kind and helped us a lot. I found Jakarta not that easy -  chaotic and taxi drivers were super unreliable and trying to get the most money out of us - terrible feeling of being helpless, which can totally ruin your vacation. Staff at Maxone's reception helped us book a car (Grab and Go Jek are the local "Uber" providers) to get around and also to the airport. This made a huge difference - I think everything would have been so much more stressful without their help. Just behind the hotel there are some side streets with good local food. I can absolutely recommend this";
"I stayed in this hotel because of the proximity to University of Indonesia. The hotel was good and very efficient. The price is acceptable. I don't have meal plan in my reservation so I could not make any comment about the breakfast. There is several fast food restaurant nearby, so breakfast is not a big problem. The check in  and check out process were swift and efficient. The room was not spacious. The bed was comfortable and the air-con was cool, wify was fast enough, tv-channels selection were acceptable, toiletries were good.  There are also several convenient stores nearby, so it is very easy to buy something I need.";
"To be Humble,staff in Reception is very good always help me if i ask something very fast response & breakfast its very well they have smoking area in restaurant so next time hopefully i will visit again .. Thanks Oasis Amir Hotel 👍🏻👍🏻";
"Good hotel and good service thanks for the crew make me comfortable in here. I am very satisfied in here and my hope come back again next time.  Especially thanks for tedy FO and Indra Wahyu in restaurant.";
"Good Hotel, good breakfast. Near shopping mall. Airport Access is not too far , price is good Room is Lärge , good Wi-fi  24 HOURS TAXI standbye  Good location near City centre Wifi is good Staff is very helpfull";
"the location is good, near gambir station and atrium mall. but my room got cockroaches in it, my friends who got the different room see cockroaches in their room as well. its under the bed, lots of them, I think this hotel should do something about it...";
"Good price near plaza atrium 5 minutes walking , 1- but hot a/c when I called them they send some one clean the unit but still the same and when I called again  the front desk and house keeping they  agnor me no body showing,  2- and they charge the cars (grap) 5000 rp when dropst and take customers";
"This hotel is nice, clean and staffs are friendly. Location is strategic at central of Jakarta, near to commercial and business district. Recommended hotel for business stays purpose and the price is make sense.";
"Location is very strategic for any business case. not move to far if you have important meet with the other person in central Jakarta. Have a good access to another region in Jakarta. The employee is most welcome and warm. good service";
"Stayed here for one night due to flood all over Jakarta. I checked in at around 4 and was accepted well by the front man.  Room was okay, kinda small. Bathroom was old. Breakfast was surprisingly good.  I left my key on my scooter and they kept it and gave me on the following morning. Very good service";
"bought a voucher via traveloka mobile app, specifically asked for a non smoking room, they gave me a very smoke-smelly room instead (the smell won't go away just by cranking up the AC). specifically asked for a room at the higher/highest floor, they gave me the first floor instead. provided towels didn't seem clean because it's not white anymore. can hear noises from the streets outside. cannot sleep in my one night stay at the premise. disappointed. no repeat order. waste of money.";
"I spent one night in this hotel. This is a budget hotel located near Atrium Shopping Centre. The check in and check out process was fast. The room was small but adequate. The air con was cool. The cleanliness was good. The bed was comfortable. I can't make any comment on breakfast since I reserved for room only.";
"The room is spacious, the bed, pillow and blanket is very comfortable. Breakfast is nice. The staffs were helpful. But unfortunately when i put my snack on the table, there were ants that came out of nowhere.";
"The only one hotel with big mosque that I know. Syar'i hotel with many meeting room facilities. Food tastes were good. Room are quite big and clean. Located in Central Jakarta, near Atrium mall and not far away from Monas, one of the landmark in Jakarta.";
"The receptionist several time intervention me when I held a chit-chat with my girl-friend in the room: First in her room and second in my room. The receptionist urges me/friend to go out from the room as he informs the hotel policy as a Family Hotel -we already know. Really annoying and bothering. I've stayed in the family hotel before like Sofyan Hotel, but never seen such a weird policy like Gren Alia Prapatan do.";
"I love this superior room in this hotel. And all housekeeping 24 hours wi help if I have a problem with my room and restaurant open 24hours. For family want to central jakarta, this hotel near Monas ans Taman Ismail Marzuki. If we want to buy a something we can go to senen market or tanah abang market.";
"Rivoli Hotel is situated strategically on Kramat Raya main street in front of TransJakarta bus stop Pal Putih, so convenient and really close.  The room itself is quite big for this hotel standard, amenities are well equipped too. Room facilities are good too such as cable tv, bathroom (no bathtub), comfy bed, and wi-fi (it's fast but sometimes you have to reconnect again and again after several minutes and it's kinda annoying), air conditioner is quite cool.  We cam checking in at 7 pm and the lobby is dark, the sofa area near the elevator and in front of the restroom where people can sit down and wait is darker tho...  But overall we slept well and had a good stay here.";
"A very bad attitude from the staff. We reserved room for our client since we are appointed company for handle the one of BUMN ( Government Company) to reserve and arrange their accommodation, we already sent payment , but we since we are a company and not use personal bank transfer , we used company bank account, we have to use procedure and waiting for bank payment statement from our accounting. And they used different bank.  While we waiting for the process, one of their staff call my staff and said that " WE DONT CARE ABOUT YOUR COMPANY, We will ASK PAYMENT from your guest" ... Please you have to respect other , especially your guest since we also agree to pay more expensive than OTA or other booking engine.   And in the end, the payment success, no problems at all for the";
"Rivoli Hotel is quite a new hotel in this area with a cinema theme since the area was used as a movie theater in the past. The room was nice and the bed was very comfortable. The breakfast was also good and tasty enough. Too bad the gym only had 2 equipments. It would be great if the hotel provide more gym equipments and weights. But overall, it was a good stay with a very reasonable price.";
"I'm not sure how long this hotel has been launch but for me it look and feel fresh as a brand new. Loved the room with grey and black atmosphere. nice Breakfast good, some indonesian menu also available Near access to some atractive places in Jakarta Service from all staf are flawless and quick Overall good experience";
"Stayed a nite on second floor rooom (3**) and got discount price through online booking which I paid around IDR 250k. Compared with budget hotels, this hotel offers: - spacious room - toilettries  - various breakfast buffet - straregic location In front of hotel, there is bus shelter 10 minutes walks to reach Atrium mall and Senen 8-10 minutes to Senen station by taxi 15 minutes to Gambir station  Ordered oxtail soup for my lunch with a moderate price on its restaurant the staffs were friendly.  I didn't have any issues about hot water. It ran well. Aircon worked well, too.  The management needs to improve on cleaning aspect, fe. - some water mess on elevator floor - restaurant floor and table Not sure whether it was lack of cleaning staff.";
"I stayed here one night just because my brother's wedding held in the next door building. I have to tell you this is the worst hotel i've ever lived in. It is 2 star hotel but seems like no star at all. i booked 3 different rooms for me and my family. The closet looks dirty. They forgot to put in refrigerator in one of the rooms we booked, so we have to order one. A lot of coacroch. The reception is not that friendly. I suggest to look for other hotels, some hotels nearby with the same price have better quality. oh and if you broke the hotel key, they will charge you one night rate fee.";
"The room was awful with Ac not cool enough they offer room change but it was the same, the cleanliness was terrible when flick the curtain can saw a lot of ladies hair from previous guest, noisy sound from road, room look tired, no complimentary mineral water, dispenser infront of the elevator available but the tank empty. The service dissapointing. This hotel you should avoid to stay. Lucky the bfast is OK";
"I have stayed in this hotel for 10 days with a group  of 50 people.  The hotel is situated in a v crowded neighborhood of Jakarta. The quality of the rooms v a lot in terms of cleaningnness. Unfortunately the hotel is full of cockroaches. There is only wifi in the lobby. We also had the unpleasent visit of rat in the lobby. Although we have signaled this to the staff they did nothing about it. The rat came out every night. For those visiting Jakarta for the first time I will strongly advise to book a different hotel. For the same price, there were other hotels near by, unfortunately for us there was not enough space for 50 people. I must also say that apart from the rat issue, the staff were v helpful and kind.";
"This was the worst hotel I have been to. The hotel was supposed to be a two star hotel but it was more like a "no star" hotel. It was run down with cockroaches coming out of their hiding place every time you use the bathroom. Oh, the bathroom looked as if it had never been scrubbed and only minimally cleaned. The bed was quite okay but not the pillow which was too high and hard. Leftover food left outside rooms did not seem to get taken away. Crockery used in the dining room seemed older than the age of the hotel which opened in 1993. The hotel staff seemed friendly and helpful enough though.";
"A little dated and run down but friendly Hotel well-places to escape noise and pollution of Jakarta.  Breakfast buffet good and strong WiFi throughout. Adequate restaurant next door serving cheap food.  Ok for one night but probably no longer";
"The Hotel is really smelly and it stinks like cigarettes everywhere! My room smelled like a smoking lounge. The Blankets are dirty and just wrapped in a white cover to hide it. The bed is really bendy and you sink like 2 inches into the bed and its uncomfortable. During the night i could hear mice walking inside the walls.  The tub wather is yellow for the first few seconds. Since i am a Vegetarian, I ordered the only vegetarian meal i found on the menu and it was disgusting and there was a dead caterpillar inside. The waiter didn‘t know what a coke was and so I ordered water.  The people working at the reception are really kind tho.";
"Like a few before we stayed here at the start of a tour and so guessed in advance what it would be like and our average+ expectations were not disappointed.  Arrived by a short cab ride after taking the superb new train from the airport. Less than an hour and no famous Jakarta traffic jams.  Met by friendly receptionist. In fact all staff here were excellent. Big tick.  The Bintang felt like an early 80s business hotel which had seen better days. But the rooms were clean and of good size. The bathrooms a little wiffy with a shower head which had a mind of its own. But hey this is down town Jakarta and if you want the Ritz pay more and stay elsewhere unless you are on a tour in which case just embrace the experience.   Breakfast plentiful, simple and locally focused.   Average is";
"This isn't the 5 seasons, but it's not a dump.  Overall, decent hotel, no mold smells and all the amenities worked.  - The hotel had decent WIFI, AC, and cleanliness. - Had a safety deposit box at the front desk for your valuables. - In the central/south part of Jakarta - there was a few places to eat nearby if you're comfortable walking the sometimes dangerous streets of Jakarta. -Lots of convenience stores nearby to re-stock on supplies. - Buffet style breakfast was pretty good.  Had a mix of indonesian and western foods";
"Stayed at this hotel to begin a G Adventures tour of Java. The lobby is typical of a business hotel built in the 70’s- 80’s tired and worn with formal staff and empty restaurant. I was given a key and shown to the elevator... Just about got sick when the elevator doors opened to the stench of 50 years of smoking over tired threadbare carpeting... OK I wasn’t expecting a 4 star experience but... The room was positively abysmal. Old worn furnishings, creaky, saggy beds, light switches built in to a piece of “furniture” between the beds, The chain on the door was broken and there was no safe in the room. Bathroom fixtures were loose and in bad repair, te sink was cracked and tiles broken. Here’s a photo of the rusty sink.  Well, we were on a tour and had to leave in the morning so";
"Staff were really nice and helpful. We were satisfited with the quality of the room.. quiet clean and causily..include neccesary stuff.The bed was especially comfortable. We recommend it for backpackers :-)";
"Traveled with office-mate. Stayed here for 2 nights. It's a new hotel - I think so. Small hotel. The Manager is friendly and helpful. Also the staffs are very friendly. Not satisfied with the bed because it's like we're lie-down on a rock even there is a mattress. The blanket also so thin and small. The room floor is not covered with carpet so our sole was attached to dust. The bathroom not very clean. Slow water down in the water hole. At first thought clogged, take time to recede. Even close to the same sink. After all, I'm OK with the service. Please provide a deposit money of Rp200,000 during check-in that will be returned when check-out (even if full payment is made ​​during the online reservation). Near to Atrium (Shopping Mall) - 5 minutes walk. Easy to get taxi in front";
"Clean, near to pasar senen train station. Good staf and facility. Cafe open for 24H with reasonable price list.  The only thing that surrounding not so conducive but suitable for traveller who just arrived or want to continue for next day journey via train.";
"the room were really clean, tv, ac, and hot water work nicely. towels and teeth brush are available. no lift, my room were at second floor it quiet tiring to bring my bag up there. the staff was not that friendly but he's helpful. very very close to train station. abt 5min walking you'll be arrive. they also serve breakfast. but not that tasty. hehe  i accidentally stay here because i miss my train. gotta wait till tomorrow for the first train.";
"Road to the hotel is very dirty and lot of strange people who are sleeping on road.entrance is full junkyard and staff very unhelpful.room was full of mosquitoes and bed linen was dirty.asked for breakfast packet as we have to go early and refused.also ask for multi plug hotel did not have it.asked for wakeup call and we never got it.";
"My taxi had some trouble to find the place, but once I was there the staff was very nice (although not very fluent in English!), the room was clean with complimentary bottles of water. Bed was comfy. Earplugs are a must for the night. Breakfast was ok, and I really liked the chicken satay at the hotel restaurant!";
"Kamar agak sempit. Kamar mandi sangat bersih dan peralatan mandi cukup lengkap. Yang sedikit membuat tidak nyaman adalah posisi kamar mandi yang persis di sebelah kepala ranjang. Karena jika mematikan lampu semua terlalu gelap, jadi lampu kamar mandi tetap saya nyalakan. Tetapi karena persis di sebelah kepala, jadi terasa agak silau.  Dan karena ini sebenarnya tempat kost, jadi tempat parkirnya sangat terbatas. Agak kesusahan untuk parkir (karena kebetulan saya bawa sepeda motor sendiri).  Lokasi cukup strategis, karena di sekeliling hotel banyak jajanan murah meriah yang semuanya bisa dicapai dengan berjalan kaki saja. Tetapi agak jauh dari pusat perbelanjaan ataupun mall. Jadi kurang recommended untuk traveller yang ingin berbelanja.  Overall, hanya recommended untuk sebatas";
"Was only able to stay here for a few hours because of a delayed flight but here's my honest opinion:  1. STAFF - The admin in the office we met were very accommodating and would go the extra mile to meet our needs. Sadly, I wasn't able to get his name.  2. ROOM - The room we booked was Twin Beds but they gave us a Queen size bed instead but still, the room is clean as well as the toilet which is good. The only thing I didn't like was the wi-fi because I couldn't connect to it for some reason.  Over all, it was a very relaxing stay and it's in Central though it's a bit hard to find because you have to go to the end of a street.";
"Typically low class hotel but the best of amenities and services, I've stay for 2 days in this hotel, mostly it was comfortable. They has rooftop balcony to see jakarta from the top. I truly recommended this hotel for u guys, best hotel for low cost.";
"Kamar cukup ok hanya saja channel tv tidak lengkap. Kamar mandi lumayan bersih. Kasur tempat tidur agak keras. Lingkungan sekitar lokasi kurang rapih tapi cukup menguntungkan dengan adanya Indomaret dan penjual makanan.";
"Clean motel with a cheap price. Shalom also offer pick up and deliver service from airport or train station. Got a clean room, but an interior is too old for now. Near from business area around senen triangle.";
"Sufficient room (you can choose between 1 - 3 person occupancy) with restaurant for dine in or room service. It is located in the heart of Jakarta, although you have to go to a small road to get through to the motel, but it is worth the budget.";