"I have an amazing stay experience with Four Seasons Hotel Jakarta. They give us a very comfortable stay. I choose a honeymoon package, they give us a romantic room decoration with a slice of cake. Great job Four Seasons Hotel Jakarta";
"Me and my husband decided to have our first staycation during Covid 19 outbreak. And we decided we want to stay at Four Season Jakarta because of the huge rooms and high standard of hygiene and cleanliness. And it didn't disappointed. Check in process was super fast and efficient, and we received an upgrade to free suites. Excellent room. The WhatsApp service is very efficient. Room service is super fast and delicious. Will definitely return for another staycation at Four Seasons Jakarta,";
"Talk about cost savings! The FS is definitely up on the list. Firstly, check in was far from smooth. I had to remind the receptionist on numerous request I have already previously made through their whatsapp. Their internal communication is so poor that those requests had to be reminded? I sign up for their club benefits which include in-room check in which I specifically said that would be my preference. But check in was still done at lobby.   The room was disappointing to say the least. The service, the amenities were basic or non-existent. There was no stationery, no bath salts, no tea mugs, no glasses, one tube of lotion sat on top of the sink. They have also downgraded their tea from TWG to dilmah. Toiletries from Etro to some unknown brand. I have never been to a 5 star";
"I booked a staycation at Fourseasons to celebrate my 2nd Anniversary with my partner. The moment I stepped in the hotel it was like walking into a luxurious castle! Upon check in I was greeted warmly by Devina who congratulated me on my anniversary, she even gave me a discount for breakfast! When I reached the room, I found out I was upgraded to the most magical suite ever possible! I felt like royalty there! Special thanks to the Assistant Hotel Manager Siti Amelia who upgraded my room for my special occassion and gave some delicious amenities and wonderful decorations! I was able to enjoy going to the pool as well and was welcomed by Stefanie who helped reserved a place for me there. I only stayed one night but it was probably the best staycation ever!! I would definitely";
"The competition within great hotels in Jakarta is tight. Love resort-like pool & good simple breakfast. The rooms are big and well appointed. Strategic location. Service was good but not the best we have experienced😁";
"the rooms are very nice and clean .. the employees are very friendly .. especially for Fikri Johan brother who always serves well, is friendly, and sincere, the point is sipp dahh .. excellent for the Mercure hotel / management, many thanks.";
"This is a good hotel with very kind staff. Very nice rooms. Will recommend to other. Staying here is good.  Thanks you also for maintaining the cleanliness of our rooms specially to Iram & Harry.  Thank you.";
"I think this is one of the best 4 star hotel in jakarta, I enjoy stay here, room very good, space good, clean, modern, and instagramable , swimming pool have a good view because on 16th floor, it has a bali dancer mural, its so great spot to take a picture. All staff verry good from arrival, room service , cleaner, until i go...its verry awesome staycation...thank you mercure";
"Got a recommendation to stay at this hotel from a colleague, where the rooms are clean & following the hygienic standardize. I booked the room through online travel agents and the price is quite reasonable.   They have good facilities such as an elegant gym (it feels like a private gym with an awesome view if you workout at night) with an outdoor swimming pool.  Service from check-in to check out is awesome at the reception and restaurant, it only took me 1-2 Mins during check-in and check out.   Special thanks to Pak Roy for giving us the room with great City View accordingly as requested and provided more service while staying.";
"Stayed here for 2 weeks during lockdown in Jakarta. Was made very welcome by staff, who fully adhered to high cleaning and hygiene standards. Good WiFi, friendly staff and good breakfast options were very welcome. Plenty of taxis outside and well located as well.";
"Short escape at POP kemang was very good. I stayed one night at room with view kemang raya and it was nice for me. Thanx for all staff for your assist. this hotel have a lot parking space so you don't need worried about your vehicle.";
"For a clean stay it was okay. I mean the room is clean staff are friendly. But lets not expect more, the room not soundproof and non ventilated.  . Value for money is okay. To me breakfast was not my priority as we can easily find starbucks across the street..";
"Good for family, clean and the most is the value best. Easy to reach, good location, common variety of food for breakfast, room condition is so so, safe an comfortable sleep, fortunately i got room with nice view.";
"First of all thank you for great and warmth welcoming to me.they have a good room, not spacious but enough laa also clean.really i wanna stay here again sooner. And Highly reccomended. One’s again thankiuuu";
"i arrived was late night and very tired but the reception was great me well nd cheerful that’s enough to boost little bit my mood. check in process was so fast so i could rest at my comfortable the room. talking ‘bout room, was clean enough for me. keep it up guys!!";
"Quiet during covid, but service excellent from friendly staff. Main restraunt service very good welcomed by name and preferences remembered by all especially Hera. Thanks for making this a relaxing stay.";
"The breakfast is excellent, room is clean, a lot of street food vendor around the hotel, and for some foreigner, Kemang is a good place for drinking beer and wine also. Quite a distance from Kemang Village Mall and a good place for dinner,  Very well located, friendly service and excellent food choices. comfortable for stayed";
"The Grand Kemang hotel is where i stay when I visit Jakarta. The staff are helpful and, in particular, I look forward to seeing Pak Suyatno and Pak Yuhda when I get out of the taxi.on arrival.They can practise their English and I can practise my Indonesian. The hotel is close to good restaurants and to interesting places along Jalan Kemang Raya. I always enjoy having breakfast in that hotel: such an interesting variety of good food. I left a hand written note of commendation with Bapak Haris who is the dining room manager. For me and my wife the hotel is good value. I am sorry to see Tripadvisor's name and logo on this page: I don't believe that Tripadvisor is an honest organisation: it has been caught fiddling statistics and erasing unfavorable reviews. I shall be interested to";
"Just a hotel, nothing special. Staff is hospitile, rooms are kept clean. AC works fine. Bar on ground floor produces noise intil 2.30 am so don't book rooms on 1st floor ever! Maby restaurants and bars around so no issue with where to eat.";
"We stay with family and booking a family room with two separate rooms and living room.  It's a great experience with this hotel. the pool is very clean and the breakfast time was so astonishing. Plenty choices of food and dishes.  All of the hotel staff and crews were friendly and helpful. Fully recommended Hotel";
"Nice room and nice employees, keep up the good work! And also they have a really great view. I hope this covid thing is over soon cause they are deserve a full house guests! And the food is absolutely amazing!!!";
"Boring to spend along time in your own home, try to spend to the other place in hustle bustle Jakarta. Stay in Sotis Hotel Kemang will be the best choice. It feels you are staying in your own second home with warm and professional staff around. The mini bar will be replenished daily for free. This hotel is located in the well-known area, Kemang Raya. You will get new atmosphere in a cozy and warmly place. Trust me!";
"very nice and clean hotel and friendly staff ibu Hapsari Ayu...friendly service...nice food,very good option during COVID19 Times, a like home felling, I enjoyed here, if have chance will come back lagi. 😄";
"My stay was so comfortable, the food and service excellent, and the staff especially Ms. Hapsari, couldn't have looked after me better. Nothing was too much trouble and always done with a smile. Keep up the good work for all the staff for outstanding service!";
"Good Service for convenient place and hospitality response & greeting Memperbesar ukuran bed for single type  Persediaan telur agar diperbanyak jangan sampai kehabisan  Good Service for Hapsari & Vallerie.. thank’s all.....";
"1. The location was so strategic. It was located in Bangka, where you could find the traditional market and many street foods there. It was also next to Kemang which offers many restaurants, bars, and nightlives. Unfortunately, it wasn’t accessible by public transportation, alternatively you might choose Taxis or other online transportations.  2. The room wasn’t so spacious, yet so compact. I booked a Deluxe King Room. The atmosphere was filled with Japanese vibes. It was also clean and fresh. The interior was dominated with young-woods on the bedstead, work desk, cabinets, TV backdrop, and paint backdrop, completed with a pale brown parquet on the floor. There were 2 large drawers inside the bedstead to put your luggage. A wooden board was attached on the wall to hang your";
"This hotel has a typical interior and modern Japanese architecture.  The staff is friendly enough, the lobby to the elevator to the room feels a modern Japanese atmosphere.   The rooms are very minimalist and simple.  not too much space.    The bed is quite comfortable, even though the sound of the room is heard on the wall.  there is a food cooler, quite helpful for storing food.  bathroom, very satisfied ... rarely does the shower run fast enough for this hotel level, as well as hot water and the bathtub.  For breakfast, my favorite miso soup...taste was nice 👍🏻.  In conclusion, I’m definitely will come again!!";
"Hotel Owner: Your Front Desk does not care about income/image of your hotel.. Winarsih, your Front Desk, answered without even emphasizing to my Accident Report. The best she could come up with: "Well, it's weekend."  The first room I stayed in (416) assigned by Ms. Winarsih: hair was everywhere. Wall was what you saw from the window (though I requested for High Floor on my Trip Note). I intended not to complain. I was awoken by the couple whose bed's next to my wall. With red-eyed, groggy from their noises waking me up uncomfortably, I had to come down to request for a Room Change.  I then stayed in 615: from 11 PM to 2:30 AM, I had to call the Security twice. The room next to me apparently thought it's a Concert Hall. They played songs loudly (ironically though thin-walled,";
"A really nice place to stay, the room (both Executive and Tatami room) is indeed small but really comfortable. Provided with JBL speaker, hair dryer, and bathtub with hot water in every room. There's no problem at all with the WIFI. TV channel also provide Youtube access. Restaurant and room service only served until 12 AM tho. Most of the menu is Japanese but taste really delicious even for Indonesian. Only few options for room service menu, better dine in the restaurant.  I haven't tried the onsen and the breakfast yet. But overall is a great place to stay. Really recommended.";
"went there for weekend staycation. first impression was not so nice because we arrived when the electricity was off, so when we first parked, it was so dark in the parking lot (basement) and we had to walk to the lobby (lift was off). fortunately the main building was using generation set.   I really love the room, it's not so spacey but it fits everything. such an inspiration for small room decoration. the bedroom and bathroom were so clean. the bathroom is very small but it has bathtub, and japanese-style toilet.   the manga corner is nice, although the collections was limited, and most of it in japanese language. the breakfast was little bit of disappointment. i had high expectations for the breakfast, but i was disappointed because the food was not warm, especially the miso";
"Me and my friends really enjoyed our stay, the room was clean, soap..shampoo..towels were complete. The pool were gorgeous ..on the top floor together with the restaurant, it has amazing view of Jakarta. We swam twice there , it was not big pool but its good enough. DJ plays in the evening was great..and foods were delicious. We did Tik tok many times in the room and  the corridor...We definitely will come back here again....Cheers";
"Budget hotel with swimming pool at the roof top,food and beverages quite good,staff very helpful but some of the equipment at the room should repair but over all i was very enjoy stay at liberta hotel kemang Keel up the good work";
"Had a good stay for 3 nights....Room was clean...neat. Breakfast spread were quite good. Besides the main menu, they had local food such as Soto Bandung...Lontong Sayur. Tastyyy... The dinner time..i was entertained by live music in the roof top Bar...great songs...english/indonesian songs. Very nice views at the Top.  I had salmon steak..it was juicy..delicious..the other day I had Spaghetti and Pizza..delicious... Staffs were friendly and helpful.";
"My first time here. Overall, I like the tropical beach ambience. Startegic location, the terrace and swimming pool are quite interesting. The windows in the room are large enough. The bed and sheet are in good condition. Minus point will be there is only one towel";
"Nice and strategic hotel at Kemang area. Comfort room and nice f&b. Nice view also from Lobbyn sky terrace restaurant. Good taste and price wise food and beverage. It's recommended also for having party or gathering at this place. There is small sky pool at this hotel with depth 1.4m and also kids pool. Recommended hotel with affordable price.";
"The selection of food available for breakfast does not meet the normal definition of American Breakfast, assuming that this is what ABF on the reservation confirmation refers to. Rooms very clean and staff service could not be faulted.";
"stayed here several times already . good value and , for me , convenient location ( near shopping mall with many shops , restaurants , etc.) nice roof top pool and small gym . friendly and efficient staff . large room with huge bed .";
"Great location and cleaness, but no pool for kids we think you should make this hotel more comfy for kids, fast check in, great staff from we park the car until check out, there is smike in their face and willingness to help. Great work";
"Booked a room for few days and specially requested twin beds. But when arrived the receptionist said no more twin beds, I told them I am a light sleeper not possible to share a bed,so they would provide me extra bed without charge. I thanked them and went up to my room. Half an hour passed by, no extra bed coming. I called the receptionist and asked, they replied sorry extra beds are sold out!! The staff on duty by the name of Wayan, explained that the rooms are fully booked. For an “international” four star hotel, the service is lousy! Feels like 3 stars hotel. There is no hair dryer in the room, and when asked for more blanket, they replied no more blanket.";
"The rooms clean and comfortable, if rather dark and dated decor, several small-detail items wete quite annoying bathroom plug did not work, toilet didnt flush properly, room iron flex is too short, wifi slow, no soap provided in bathroom for four days despite asking. Still reasonable room rates given the location though. Nodoubt the Swiss Bel couldnt compete with the newer and cheaper box hotels in the surrounding area so the new Operator's business model appears to centre around giving competitive room rates but increase profitability by increasing "add on" prices and reducing costs/quality eg the rip off prices charges for room service (rp100k+ for nasi goreng, rp80k for a bintang...seriously?.... rip-off coffee shop prices) and the now poor quality localised breakfast on";
"A very well organized and delicate hotel in Kemang area. You can feel how the owner wants to create the modern and traditional atmosphere by having mixed decoration inside.  The staff are really friendly to serve you no matter in room service or at it's bistro. Though there are 12 rooms here, the overall maintenance and service are super good. A good place to stay on weekends or holidays at Kemang. Enjoy it.";
"Myself and my husband celebrated Valentines Day and stayed at the hotel.The rooms are very large and all unique in interior design and decoration. We were made very welcome by all the staff but looked superbly by the General Manager, Mr Stanley.   We had a lovely Valentine Dinner in the evening and a good range of food was available for breakfast. Would fully recommend this hotel and hope to be back soon.";
"VERY UNSATISFYING!!! Come here and pool areas has been reserved for an event WITHOUT BEING INFORMED. The staffs are just doing nothing. POOR YOU KEMANG ICON! Never come back!!!! You guys better not to come here. 0 OUT OF 5!";
"This review is not based on an actual experience in staying at the hotel, because I never stayed there- or at least the hotel won't let me stay there.  I was very interested in staying at the hotel's illusion room, and decided to ask whether the room was available in mid-December 2018, and they said it was (they said this clrearly, written via email). So I quickly booked the room.   Upon my arrival, guest what? They said my room was not available because there were already guests in the room. Yes, the guests were in the room which I had booked.   How on the earth could this happen? I complained about it to the guy at the front desk, and demanded for an explanation, but he just looked as confused and doesn't know anything either. So classic.  I was very disappointed to be treated";
"It's been some time that I visited this establishment.  What used to me Alila run and owned, has been now become locally run and owned.  Prior to check in, the staff said: we are now independent, kindly forgive us in advance to any shortage of delivery that you may experience.  Now, that statement makes me wonder or worry how bad can they be now that is independently owned. But thankfully, it was not all that bad but, there are areas which can be improved.  The main road is right now underway of expansion so there are works going on, in Agoda, it was not indicated so honesty should be kept because I would still have stayed at the premise regardless.  The location is at the T junction of Kemang Raya. Brace yourself for insane traffic during nights, it's a busy area so do take";
"i'm just staycation in jakarta with my wife . i choose amaris . they have a good room , clean and neat . bathroom also clean . i booked a room with breakfast . but when i check in , the staff didnt give any information for breakfast . and also they didnt give any info for using wifi . that the basic SOP during check in . because when i check in the front office didnt busy enough or have a long queueing line of the guest . please make sure your staff give any basic service of the hotel";
"The room was OK, small but comfy. I just don't like the bathroom. No shower curtain and no trash can in the bathroom. Also some molds.  Breakfast was decent. Indonesian food mostly. Nasi goreng, bubur ayam. There are toast bread with jam and egg station.";
"Very bad experience on first impression. I really understand that this hotel is a budget hotel. What I got here was incomplete for standard facilities on my room. I have ordered twin bed room for two person, but everything is provided just only one piece except the bed.  Bath towel: none Mat towel: none AC remote: none Wifi connection: hard to connect";
"Staff : Very friendly and will try their best to help you. The best service from Raka's staff Meeting Room : Nice, clean and large meeting room Facilities : WiFi is good. Nice breakfast and lunch menu Location : Strategic location";
"Amaris La Codefin Kemang is located in the center of Kemang, the hotel gives a glimpse of stylish and modern design that is yet affordable for money value.  This is a good budget hotel, with decent room and clean. But needs to work harder and cleaner bed sheet (little bit smelly).    It also included breakfast (just okay quality of food), and good hospitality. Also there is a free wifi in the room. It's a good budget hotel for your business trip. Over all, it is a decent hotel for a business trip.";
"Less budget with best quality to sleep. Comparing to 5 stars hotel like JW. Marriot, it has peer to peer value for the room. The indicator was: soundproof room & wall, new bed and blanket, clean sink and toiletries, exceptional room (comfortable)";
"We have stayed in this hotel many times. But lately the breakfast quality have been quite disappointing. We don’t mind the variety, but the quality should be definitely improved. The noodles for the soup was half cooked and the soup itself was tasteless, steamed yam was raw and hard, and green beans porridge was stale. It’s time for the hotel to manage the food seriously. Overall it could’ve been a delightful stay.";
"Stayed in this hotel for one night only last week. Booked a superior room. The check-in and check-out routines went very quick and smooth. The superior room was quite good, for sure it was bigger than most especially if compared with other budget hotels. The room was clean and the bed was comfy enough for me. Everything else was pretty standard, nothing that you couldn't find in other hotels. Wifi quality was just okay. But the hot water in the shower or the tap turned out to be not hot enough, so that's a minus. The room came with breakfast option but I check-out so early, before 6 am, so I didn't have the chance to taste the meal. The hotel is easy to find, It's on Tendean street, one of the main roads in South Jakarta. There were some food stalls within the hotel surroundings";
"Area it's strategic after transportation building done, for breakfast it's very good, overall very nice, to stay for business very recomended, cozy place and nice bed room, near cbd and in central jakarta";
"One of the valuable hotel in tandean area. I booked a superior room just for a night. Very disappointed, because non smoking room was not available at that time. For breakfast, I'm totally enjoyed it. Nothing special from this hotel. This hotel recommended for budget business but not for leisure.";
"1. The location was quite strategic. It was near Jakarta’s Golden Triangle (central business, shopping centres, cafes, and traditional markets). It was also accessible by Transjakarta.  2. The interior of the room took me back to the 90s. The cupboard, TV Desk, and work desk were made of blackwood, and there were several table lamps spreaded at every corner. The room was spacious. I booked a Deluxe Double Room. Unfortunately, dust was everywhere. You could even feel it glued into your skin, and breathe it into your precious lungs. It was so dirty all over the place. I also found some rubbish hidden inside the drawers. I found so many yellow spots and some holes on the linen and blanket. The bed itself was actually an attached-twin bed, and not a Queen/King size bed. The Air";
"The hotel is ok, with the odd-even traffic arrangement, it might be difficult to get into this hotel though. The rest is standard. The surrounding noise can be tackled nicely providing a quiet comfortable place to stay. They should improve the front office staff though when I came nobody is there.";
"From the first time i entered the hotel lobby, i didn’t feel comfortable at all to get in. The security and cleaning service starred at me like I’m a criminal, they didn’t even smile. The FO wasn’t really friendly either, she was frowned at me while taking the reservation. Please take care of your staff to make a better service!!";
"We booked 10 rooms via booking.com (total price IDR 5700000), but due to a very bad traffic-jam, we arrived late at the hotel (8 pm). One of the front-officer told me that my CC was invalid (how come? I showed him that the expired date is 2022 :(). This situation was very unpleasant. We were exhausted after a long journey from Bandung which took 7 hours due to odd-even plate number route), the kids needed rest and already had tantrums. I decided to pay using my debit card, and they finally gave us our rooms (8 twin-beds rooms on the 6th floor and 2 double-bed rooms on the 3rd floor).  The rooms, although they were old and shabby, were clean and smelled nice, alhamdulillah. The single beds were comfortable, the sheets were clean. Owh I almost forgot, there was a small trouble,";
"When on transit in Jakarta I spent one night in this hotel and I was really disappointed. The only positive thing was the price, about $ 40 incl. a very limited brekfast.The check in was not done in professionell way, no info about wifi, also they did not tell me how I can watch the soccer match at night (it was possible after stick in a card in the tv set). No support with the luggage by security, they just watch when u carry the luggage, also when I checked out. Overall it is not clean, even the hotel is not that old. Also staff at bfast not motivated and very limited choice of food, poor presented. They rip you off when you are picked up or dropped as the drivers have to pay Rp 5.000 when leaving the location, this is absolutely very bad way of looking for money from";
"This is a very cute well designed Amaris style..I love the bed..The service..Daus is best..However..Thanks to Pak Willy Mambat...A genuine hospitality a very patience staff..Not easy in a pandwmic era..But keep smiling..keep fighting Corona with a proper protocols..I love Amaris Hotel Mampang...";
"For a budget hotel that we hope is to be able to rest well so that the next day we can be fresh and do our activities. In this hotel the room is clean and comfortable, I can rest well, can have breakfast too, there is one thing that I suggest if you may have a brighter bathroom light, because the bathroom is for cleaning the body, shaving and others.  Coincidentally after checking out and have been somewhere else, my wife's wallet was left behind and we contacted the hotel to look in our room, and it turned out to be completely left behind. thank you for help, honesty and cooperation so that the wallet can be back in good condition and safe  thank you the staff are kind and friendly.";
"Very nice budget accomodation in Mampang Prapatan area, South Jakarta. Strategic location, easily reached and quite accessible from main area of Rasuna Said. Surrounded with various choices of culinary delights.";
"I stayed here,  15-17 December 2018  Around 930pm on my First day,  a suspicious man knock on our door rambling things like "saya itu yang transfer". Fyi,  we didn't request anything and were already about to sleep by then.   He ask if i can open the door,  but i refuse since i worry about our safety. He hanged around a minute or so while looking at his phone before leaving. I called the reception immediately but he brushed off that they have cctv so nothing is to worry about.    However,  upon meeting another receptionist, she showed a bit of concern and assure us that any guest visitor will have to go through a thorough check before allowed to go up,  with their staff as escort.  Worth noting that all access to the hotel room is via their hotel card so it was rather weird how";
"I stayed one night here and feel satisfied. Fast check-in process, clean room/bath-room/amenities,  comfortable bed,  good breakfast at reasonable price! Value for money! Thank you Amaris Hotel Mampang.";
"I had a training here for a week in the meeting room. It’s clean, the food was not bad and the service was good. Unfortunately they only have 1 toilet next to the meeting room, and it’s an unisex public toilet.";
"I stayed at this hotel for 1 night. Room size and bathroom are very cramped. A nightmare for those of you who stay 2 people. Room size is only 2.5x3 meters. More like a boarding room than a hotel. Standard breakfast menu, taste is also standard. Nothing special for this hotel, just for sleep.";
"we are corporate customer and often book in this hotel and now we stay again, stay 26-28 Maret 2018 room 909 asking for another access  room card key in the front office, has been rejected to give another one they said that this is Company policy,  Me and my room mate have their own schedule and it not comfort for us to ask someone to open our room if we only 1 access card key   from this experience we will decide to stop using your hotel, we will start looking for another one,  regards  Christian Wattimena  0817111646  room 909";
"we from maranatha university stay for 2 night here, they have a good service for us and treat like we are the king. for the room, they make the room clean and make us comfort to sleep at night, and the last for the breakfast, didnt like other hotel, they have a good food and tasty !";
"Great Location, Friendly Staff & The Hotel is Clean, recommended for Travelers and Business Man & Family. WiFi speed ia very good, breakfast taste is great eventough the variety is and limited.  Will come back to this Hotel for the next visit.";