"Mantap dan excellent pelayanannya Mr.Aslan sangat ramah dan cekatan..sangat menyenangkan menginap disini..fasilitas sangat lengkap dengan masakam bercitarasa enak..harper cawang pilihan terbaik untuk staycation di jakarta timur..sukses selalu..";
"Untuk kebersihan kamar ok tapi sikat gigi dan odol tdk ada. Untuk breakfast sangat lengkap banyak pilihan & enak. Pelayanan bagus sekali di restaurant. Terutama mas Aslan sangat membantu dan sering bertanya kepada costumer. Untuk protokol kesehatan sesuai & mengurangi sampah plastik.";
"Kamar bersih, akses mudah, resepsionis nya ramah, sayang kolam berenang nya belom bisa di pakai, tapi over all good. Makanannya juga enak dan bervariasi, di pertahankan yaaa. Proses c/i juga cepat dan mudah.";
"Ini kali 2 sy menginap di hotel ini,fasilitas semua oke,utk parkiran kendaraan jg oke.. Service semuanya ok....tetap pada protokol kesehatan yg ketat pd kondisi pandemi Humble...setiap ada kompalin cepat penangannya Hotel yg recomendet..";
"pelayanan untuk semua staff hotel bagus ramah, pelayanan dengan mas rovik juga baik, untuk kamar nyaman tidak ada kendala, untuk atmosfer dilobi juga baik, untuk protokol keamanannya juga baik, lengkap.";
"Thank you for the excellent service, reception ms.sari always smile and very friendly. Hotel location near to the airport and The rooms are well cleaned and properly maintained. The restaurant food was good and the price was reasonable. Would stay there again.";
"Excellent services and good experience, live music in canting restaurant very very interesting, very recommend hotel for business trip or holiday trip, you must try to get beautiful experience and beatiful city of jakarta";
"i came here with low expectation but turn out,i love this hotel.everything nice.i took for king bed with city view.breakfast was nice and mostly indonesian food.hotel so simple but feel confortable.service so friendly by ms.nanda.";
"I really enjoyed and comfortable stay at teraskita Hotel, very helpful, the food is delicious, all staff friendly especially nada.and Room clean.overall is GREAT. The best of hotel in cawang!! . Big thanks for teraskita Hotel, we will back for sure.";
"Not stayed here for a couple .Hotel is still popular and is a very good price ( maybe discounted due to COVID19 concerns). The buffet breakfast is excellent with a good mix of indonesian and western choices. also for service so excellent.good job teraskita";
"It was a really nice stay and this is my first time staying in this hotel. staff were friendly adn helpful. There is not much variation on breakfast menu yet it was tasty. Rooms are cleans and sanitized";
"Cleanliness, staff, room, breakfast are reasons to stay here at Cawang. Beside, many transportation option to get here.  We choose 2 breakfast style: Americans and indonesia, and we love it. The taste so Good to be honest.";
"Too busy at the heart of Jakarta. I need to calm and gain idea for my project and I choose this hotel. The service is good and 2 things that I super like are the food is so yummy and the room, It is big enough.";
"outstanding facilities and beautiful atmosphere are what is already expected of best western premiere the hive !  best western premiere the hive exceeded even our high expectations on so many levels. The location,the kindness of staff & management,food,comfort ,etc. The hotel itself is a stunning building. Our room had gorgeous views, unique and lovely furnishings. The materials used were luxurious- rich , unique panelling. Breakfast was among the best ever had, and there was a real effort to emphasize Indonesian food using local ingredients. There were fresh greens and vegetables we had never encountered before, all artfully presented with numerous accompaniments.Beauty, spaciousness, luxury and comfort were enhanced by the truly amazing service,their staff are very kind to";
"It was a wonderful suites for Couples and do really comfortable for family to have a short staycation or babymoon! Since the pandemic, they give extra clean for all area and served best! Keep on hard!";
"Value for money. Hotel was clean. Room and bathroom is smaller than normal hotel rooms but it’s fine if you are there just to sleep and not hang out. Staff in restaurant do not speak English. Hard to order food or drinks if you have any questions to ask about the menu.";
"The room was clean and wide enough for a deluxe type. The amenities just complete as what needed. Overall, the service is great and satisfying.  I do recommend you this hotel if you need a hotel in East Jakarta area (Cawang).";
"if you have the right budget is not much and not little for your wallet and limited by company budget but you want to stay in hotel with nice variant menu breakfast, have a swimming pool, nice view, i recommend this hotel.  the less is only for wifi not faster if you stay up than 5th floor, the others is if you need to find street food im not recommend for you here because the area is not like in kalibata or menteng or tebet maybe the solution is you must use online ( gofood )";
"I like to stay here because the reception are friendly (Rara), near to my office even though the room price is higher than my budget.  but I was a LITTLE DISAPPOINTER dbecause they didn’t provide IRON.  I once asked the reception about than and they answered “because they had laundry facilities”.  But it’s not about a price, it’s about TIME.. i have to wait about 30 minutes just to iron my hijab.";
"Had a business meeting last week at Park Hotel Jakarta. I must say that the service is exceptional and the food is amazing. They know what their doing. Will suggest to all business partners to give it a try. I think me & the company I work for will definitely be back because we had such great experience.";
"7 Days has always been my choice of stay in Jakarta. The hotel is well located with easy access. The thing that I like the most is the cleanliness of the room and the quality of service from the staffs. I would like to thank these few staffs (Egha, Novi & Rifa) that will go an extra mile just to make sure that I am satisfied staying at 7 Days and that had made my stay more memorable and enjoyable every time I visit 7 Days.";
"2nd time i go to this hotel... 1st time with family, 2nd time with my husband only... Never bored for reserve this hotel, so easy looking for food, beside mall... And beside a market jatinegara... Very very easy for search food, transportation... Nice... I wanna go there again...";
"We stayed at this hotel last week. Upon checkin the reception staff was rude and not showing courtesy. We stuck in traffic for hours and when came, I asked for a water. The receptionist lady, was having cold water available said sorry you will find the water in room. I was shocked. In room it was boiling hot. I called the reception again, they send a technician. The technician just came saw the remote of AC and said this is standard calling of LG units we have issue . I can’t do any thing further. The two nights we slept in really hot atmosphere. I called the reception to see if you can provide another room or a double key card so when we go out keep the room AC running. The answer from the reception sorry you have to pay to get second key. Whilst checking in I paid in advance";
"The best thing is just beside the shopping mall. I can spend my whole morning sitting at the Jco beside hotel just for coffee and donuts and rushing my report. Convenience, and receptionist is nice too.";
"The hotel is in the City Plaza shopping mall, very convenient to have food or shopping, the staffs are nice, room is big and clean, tidy, very value for money. the breakfast is standard, not good, but not bad as well, anyway, value for moeny !";
"The only reason I booked this hotel is their promotion on Traveloka about private pool. But,  it got cancelled during the holiday season. Than,  my room has no view. They didn't informed that on the application. I can't fell relax while surrounded by wall.  I feel like live in the box. Then I asked receptionist to upgrade the room, I said I will pay for that.  But the receptionist really pissed me off. He rejected my request for unclear reason.  He said no room available,  but than he said he couldn't sold the room just in case other people would like to book it. That's mean,  there was a room,  or even many rooms. He just didn't want to gave it to me. He didn't even apologize or performed a nice gesture. I booked for 2 days, but I called Traveloka, explained my situation and";
"First impression, I hated the hotel because its smells like hospital . The room is spacious and clean, too bad the air conditioner did not work well, but the technical service man immediately fixed it, so it worked perfectly fine . The breakfast ok, you must try the " Nasi Uduk " it was the best nasi uduk  I have ever tasted Need adding some fruits though The parking lot need improvement If you want to go shopping  to  'Pasar Jatinegara" this is the best place to stay";
"the bedroom is cleaned and looked new all furniture and other stuff and the service are good especially there were varieties of free breakfast. the price is worth it for one star hotel. I was fell safe when I was staying there as I am travelling alone that time. The hotel is based of islamic rule - no married not room - It's a god think!!!";
"This is the worst hotel ever. The cleaness is fair. The hospitality from the crew is feally bad and can be considered ugly. The front desk people do not speak english well. You have to pay almost a dollar for a cup of hot water if you want to make coffee, mineral waters are ALWAYS complimentary with a room.  The location is not so great too, the best of all for Muslim family because they prohibited having opposite sex (without marriage bonding) guest in the room.";
"I didn't spend so much time here. I checked in at night to have a rest and put my luggages. Because I spent my day exploring Jakarta city. So, this one is quite good, everyday the housekeeper check and clean our room. Be careful you may find traffic jam outside the hotel because it located in a crowded place, better go earlier. From the outside, this hotel looks like an apartment, and so does inside. Note, they won't allow you to book a room with two different gender inside unless you're married.";
"So not recommendeeeeeeeed!!!   This hotel was dirty, the cardlock is broken, so if we left the room empty, when we need to enter, we should ask the reception and there are small cockroach..... I just can't sleep well";
"Room space are adequate, linen are clean and the air-conditioning is great. Toilet are not impressive. they did not clean it well. They need to meet their housekeeping for that. Check is was fast. But when i did check out, the front desk wasn't friendly at all. no smile and not helpful. i hope he get reprimanded.";
"I'm not going back to this hotel! Small cockroach-like animals are running around in the room. No phone in the room, no bedside lamps, the TV doesn't work, the bathroom door is broken, no drinking water!";
"Been to this hotel for "short" vacation only, now already 5th times.  but I don't know why the service quality is getting worse each time I visited.  From no soap, no mineral water, dirty towel, and etc. the parking space always full also.  You only can count on the internet connection that is fast enough. Others are terrible.";
"I visited my with my family along with my father and mother my law. Arrived at 11.30 PM, and to my surprise THERE ARE NO PARKING SPOT AVAILABLE. What make it worse is that the hotel BLOCKED the only road to get out of the parking lot. Plus, the parking guy BLAMED us because we did not coordinate with him before entering the area. Awful management. Plain terrible.";
"I plan to stay 3 nights (25-28 August) at this hotel. I got a queen size bed room. At the beginning I have to say that this hotel need to be improved, even-though this is a budget hotel. The receptionists do not wear a uniform and they are not so friendly to the guess. The room is very small, the bed cover looks dirty seem that this hasn’t been replaced from the previous guess. It also the room boy didn’t make the bed so it looks messy. When I turn on the aircon not cool and noisy, so I decided to change the room. I got new room just opposite of the previous room. The new room is a smoking room, I don’t like it but I have no choice since this is the only available room. Things that I don’t like beside the cigarette smell is the room doesn’t have a headlight, so I have to deal";
"I had been to Zodiak @sutami before and it is a lot better that this place. The best thing only the location.  Don't expect too much when you book this hotel, you'll regret it. room is very small Air conditioner took long time to cool the room only 1 elevator/lift";
"room was clean, fast response receptionist. the air conditioner need service. the break fast very bad. the price is so so and so. the amenities not bad. the bath room is very bad, the shower some times not working. just need more renovation. and need refrigerator at room";
"not too big, it's enough just to take a rest. clean and convertible. good hospitality and easy to find food near the inn. I like the room because is clean and they prepare it well, the toilet also clean enough";
"New real estate development with thousands of units to choose from. Close to the highway which connects to Soekarno airport and the south of Jakarta. 10 minutes from the center Grand Indonesia. (When there's no traffic) Bassura City has a free shuttle to Tebet train station. There's a brand new mall with everything you need. The owner of the room was very kind and attended all my requests for WiFi, extra towels (for a small fee) and showed me around. We have access to free gym, 3 swimming pools and sauna. They have a nice garden and basketball court usable under appointment.  Clean and safe.  Affordable. If you need a modest apartment but clean and good service, look for this owner. They have a lot of apartments.";
"free parking";