"For the room is very comfort,food is so delicious, staff in here very friendly and kind like mr Zainal, ms Melly, Ms Laila they are so welcome and gorgeous. I like the atmosphere here..not too crowd. Very recommended hotel in Jakarta.";
"We have great experience and service durung our stay. With warmth and kind service of the staff, including the beautiful staff Miss April. Keep the spirit alive to serve the guest. The best service ever.";
"Happy with Yuan Garden Pasar baru. Thank you so much for make the happy moment in our company. The hotel look very good and service is upscale. Staff so impress and humble. The location strategic close to access pasar baru market";
"Service was excellent, especially from the Front Office (Ms. April). Room was comfy. Covid 19 protocol are applied. Lobby lounge was good enough to have spend time at night, the service ia great thanks Ms. Maria and Juliana. Definitely Will be back again..";
"This hotel is really great! I was booking for 3 nights for my staycation honeymoon, the facilities is great, the location was great it's near to the shopping spot. The breakfast was quite good, but i was expecting more from 4 star hotel if i compare with other hotel. But for the hotel staff service is really good, even when we ask for several stuff and quite often they always serve us passionately. I'm really recommend this hotel if you want to do staycation.  Thx yuan garden!";
"Thankyou for Harris Vertu and Mr zubir for welcoming, so much fun staycation in here, untuk kamarnya cukup besar tp sayang for water heater not work very well, untuk sarapannya juga enak dan banyak pilihan nya, and of course have a good view!!!";
"Me and my husband takes our first vacation during this covid situation on 28-30 Oct 20 . We bought the hotel reservation from ticket.com, and acctually we bought the yellow hotel , due to the promotion is very interesting . We have no planed for this vacation , on tursday my husband telling to me for take vacation at this hotel dur to i had day off untill saturday, and i agreeed about it. We booked it in the late afternoon for 4 days 3night . Arrived at hotel we just know that the yellow lobby is closed and the security escorting us the way for check in at harris vertu . The situation is not very queue only 15mnt we get the room key, the lobby was huge , and surprisingly we get room uprgade to harris vertu insted our reservation at yellow . The front desk explained me that the";
"Thanks Harris Vertu, was had bday lunch. recommended places to spent with family and friends. Nice Food, Nice ambiance. Oh ya, all the staff also friendly. ❤️❤️  Will go back next time and experience the rooms.";
"Stayed here for one night only. The room was spacious, neat and super clean. Due to pandemic I made sure I cleaned everything before I touch. I cleaned the table with alcohol and tissue, and I found no dust whatsoever, it's super clean. Very impressive. Bathroom was nice, and the soap and shampoo smells really great, wish I bumped into the cleaner's cart so I could take one or two of them! :D Breakfast was nice, nothing fancy, perhaps they reduced the option due to pandemic, but it's totally fine. One little bummer during my stay, I asked for 1 bed, instead they gave me room with 2 beds, except for that everything else is good.";
"Everything in this Hotel is cool.. I love to stay there.. The breakfast condiments was perfect, fresh, and the taste so good.. They still have a lot of condiments in breakfast even the occupancy low.. We will back soon..";
"Stayed there for a short vacation in Jakarta. Check-in location is the same as Harris Vertue, incl. the breakfast venue (I think it's due to COVID). Room was nice and spacious, and (again) I think it was Harris' as well. Breakfast menu variation was quite limited but tasted good. I enjoyed 'nasi goreng ikan asin'. Lots of restaurants nearby, eg. Ta Wan, Raa Cha (at the same building as the hotel, ie. Harmoni Exchange). Or you can walk outside to some other restaurants also close by, eg. Dunkin Donuts, Eatlah, A&W, etc. You won't starve! Thanks Yello :)";
"Located in Central Jakarta and with many infamous food stall/ restaurant within a mile. Surely this hotel is a good choice for who love to eat in their holiday. I booked the suite type for two days and i am amazed when entering the room because it is bigger than the picture i saw in website or tripadvisor reviews. The suite type is like apartment that has a living room with office desk, and minibar. And the other side is bedroom with another tv. Also it has a big windows with a great view, mine got north jakarta view, we can see jakarta sea when there’s no haze (i hoped got the monas view before i checked in but unfortunately it already fully booked lol). But it’s okay since i only got to pay half price ( i got the deal from some OTA’s flash sale). The next day i just realized";
"Such a nice stay as i was upgraded to Harris vertu when im booking with Yello rates. Been staying many times in Vertu in the past and this time would like to try Yello to know why this hotel rated full 5 in Tripadvisor rating. But the fact im upgraded to Harris makes this trip even better.  Harris vertu is one of the best Harris i have ever stayed (been staying in Bali-jakarta-bandung-surabaya-solo-semarang-malang). Vertu is superior in every aspect, room cleanliness, design, room comfort and many other aspect.   Next time will try their Yello tho, im cusrious to stay at top rated hotel in Tripadvisor.";
"Everything in this Hotel is cool.. I love to stay there.. The breakfast condiments was perfect, fresh, and the taste so good.. They still have a lot of condiments in breakfast even the occupancy low.. We will back soon and try the real of Yello Hotel..";
"It was such a great stay at Yello I stayed at 2327 nice room with nice view. The staffs are very helpful and friendly as well. Nice! Unfortunately I stayed too short, I will stay again for longer time.";
"Great ambience and perfect services! Thanks to Mbak Sisil and Vika. Thank you for helping us organize the meeting and provided all the necessary equipments. Food is good, coffee could be improved. Hygiene procedure is great.";
"Good rooms and food with big nicely smile of hotel staff at the restaurant. It has a very good view nearby the main street. The protocol covid 19 is also well applied. Wish to stay again in near future.";
"Good place for meeting, our meeting room is so cozy & quiet (Sabang 7). Breakfast, lunch, & coffee break are so nice, clean, and delicious. Totally recommended when you guys want to book a room for meeting. Especially for the service, good job for Mas Fikri 👍";
"Really outstanding environment and service during my vacatian at Jakarta. Breakfast Is  delicious and serve from western and eastern food. The view present the best of Jakarta side. Keep doing great job crews....";
"Makananya sangat bervariatif,ambience nyanjuga nyamam bgt comfy bbq at pool area dan nuansa hotel batavia theme and thank you untuk pelayanan nya mas aidil akbar for excellent service during dinner love it mercure jakarta sabang see you in the next event🤩🥰";
"It was a nice staycation, the staff especially Mba Meutia are very helpful. Will stay in here again for sure. The room was very clean and big. The pool was amazing. Had a great time here with my family. :)";
"Stay for two days here, it’s very refreshing! The facility is very clean, the central location is superb!  Riyan the check in staff helped me to get settled and he’s super helpful! Definitely will come back and stay longer";
"Excellent experience all round, with great amenities, friendly staff and excellent service. moreover warm welcome by Mr Banda. Rooms facing south will be see the pool below. Overall, we really enjoyed our stay.";
"My husband booked this hotel as a combination reservation with our flights. I’m always nervous when he does this, but it always works out nicely. The Fraser Residence suites is such a lovely place with a nice city view. The place was very clean and and very comfortable. The location is perfect to walk anywhere in that shopping, restaurant. The staff were always very kind and eager to help meet our needs. I found Banda to be super kind and helpful. He checked us in and gave us some helpful tips and suggestions on how to enjoy our stay in the area :)";
"Thanks for everything! We love the fraser residence sudirman it is the best hotel with the absolute best customer service. and thanks to Banda who helped us. We highly highly recommend staying here on your next visit to Jakarta. Total five star experience across the board";
"Hotel Santika Slipi is one of my fave hotel to staycation. The hotel location is very strategic, because it's close to mall, such as Mal Taman Anggrek, Central Park, Grand Indonesia, Plaza Senayan, and Senayan City.  It is also suites for family with children, becase it has a large swimming pool. Children would love it.  The breakfast buffet also has various of menus. And inside the restaurant, there's a children play room, so you don't have to worry if your children a little bit grumpy.  The room is quite big for Deluxe and Superior Type, neat, clean, no carpet, and have a long sofa.  Next to the hotel, there's also padang Restaurant " Sederhana " and Indomaret for your first help :)";
"I had amazing experience with this hotel. I reserved for my Sister Anniversary and everything is amazing.  The staff was very helpful friendly. Especially for Mr. Yudha and FO team, thank you so much for your kind assistance, i really appreciated. Also the room is very clean and hygine.  Sure I'll be back! Thank you, and stay safe for you all.";
"Definitely one of the top recommendation hotel in Jakarta.  The staff and marketing such as Mrs Vika are so helpful especially with the detail information re:new normal.   Santika Premiere Hotel has good buffet breakfast. And what i like the most is their swimming pool.";
"Good service. Nice room. Nice food,  Friendly staff like Isma, Sulis, Leo, Alex, Shaldy. From restaurant. Nothing to much for them to make you feel like at home. At concierge staff also always helpful with your  luggage. Special to say thank you to manager Rosa. She lead all staff in good way.";
"Hotel is located a short distant from the main highway to Bogor which is ideal for golfers who wants to enjoy Jakarta nightlife and avoid the morning traffic jam going to Bogor golf courses. Room are clean and spacious. Morning breakfast spread is wonderful. You can choose between local dishes and some simple western breakfast. Highly recommended if you're looking for hotel which is  value for money.";
"First, I tried to reach the hotel by phone, but the number written on google and OTA is NOT the actual hotel number, it's the head office number. So, they redirected me to another number. Annoying. I checked in to the hotel late at 23.00, there the reception was very good, quick and informative, bravo Mr. Teguh! Then, another trouble happened. Both the key card were not working properly. I gotta inserted the card couple of times to make it works. Got my room at 1605, the room is very spacious, the view is amazing, the bath tub is awesome, until I found the thick dust on the mirror's frame. It's not like a day or two of not being wiped, it's like a whole month. The next morning, I had an amazing breakfast at JP Bistro. Thank you Mr. Hendru who was very responsive to clean up the";
"Urging Tripadvisor to remove or deactivate pool and gym activities as available in this hotel. At least after being otherwise confirmed by Aryaduta. I am really DISAPPOINTED and felt misleaded as the listed facilities are closed due to hotel policy. No solutions offered by the front desk as we basically understand that many other hotels actually open its pool and gym. In bahasa: tolong dihilangkan keterangan fasilitas kolam renang dan gym di hotel ini karena meskipun ada tapi sengaja ditutup. Hal ini terjadi pada hari ini, Sabtu 25 Juli 2020. Tolong dilakukan agar customer tidak salah dalam memesan..";
"Fast Check In n Check Out. Nice n Clean room There is sign in ur Room and clearly mention that room already finish disinfectant. feeling safety n secure during your stay. Good Bfast eventhough limited menu.";
"Smotth in and out, great FO representatives and concierge. Only very short stay, around 6 hours visit the hotel staff was really make everything runs smoothly for me. During this Covid19 season, hope everyone in the hotel stay healthy and safe.";
"thank you for the best service, especially for mister sambas who helped me store my needs properly in the hotel lobby, by informing me by phone, aryaduta menteng hotel is the best and i highly recommend the hotel, thank you very much mister sambas";
"Food was great, especially the time when it comes to night service ,especially pasta and the meat. For the room it is great for the cleaness and fit with my standard of view of room,it is simple and not much take space. Afterall would comeback again";
"It's such a great experience staying at this hotel. The fact that this hotel is actually located in a very strategic area. It also gives me many options to public transportation and the most important thing is the staff. I'm also impressed by the staff's service especially from the frontline guys. The restaurant provides a very nice breakfast and service. Well, personally ACCOR Hotel never fails me. Thanks Grand Mercure Jakarta Harmoni for ur hospitality.";
"The best hotel for transit Spacious room,nice staffs Dinia and Niko Breakfast has many choices Shoppinh mall and street food nearby Location easy to find with affordable price Thank you Grand Mercure for nice swan couples towels at our room !";
"It is quiet room. It is easy for you to sleep. I really enjoy the room service. The food is tasty. Hotel location is great for business,  near to center of the city. It is very easy to get public  transportation.";
"2 nights it wasn't enough for me Room was clean,main street view and smells good Breakfast has many choices of local dishes also dessert I love local dessert called "ONDE-ONDE" Krispy,crunchy outside with mung bean paste filling Staffs were friendly and helpful I don't mean to mention Ms.Dini but she's doing so cool.. She shared me about good places to go,nearest shopping mall also cultural sites called "OLD TOWN" First class service by Grand Mercure Harmoni team ! Danke schön";
"Great & Excellent and also cheapest hotel in Jakarta.its reasonable price.very kind & helpful staff.breakfast also delicious.Thank you soo much for valuable treating. hotel room also comfortable.highly recommended.";
"The building may look a bit old but the rooms are spacious and comfortable. With a proximity to the National Monument and Gambir Railway station and many attractions the hotel makes a good choice, especially so because it is not located on a main road yet accessible easily from main roads.  Rooms are clean and sleep quality is good. Staff are helpful and the King's Cafe down below is a 24 / 7 facility. A place where they coax you to try different food items in quite a warm manner.  A good stay indeed. And they offer free drop at Gambir Station if one so desires.";
"Great hotel and great services from all the hotel staff. The hotel was located a bit far from a “live” location but it is so lovely to stay here. No noise from crowd, simple but great foods for breakfast, and the most they are friendly and helpful. They have a free shuttle heading to Tanah Abang so you need to worry. MoNas is just a stone throw from this hotel. Around 15 minutes by walking distance. The foods for in-room-dining are cheap and affordable. Much much love from all of us.";
"Just comeback from M Citi Jakarta.Value for money hotel.Near City Centre & Airport,The staff was nice & good.Highly recommended for person & budget.The food was nice more to asian food and for us Malaysian its acceptable.  Thanks";
"A nice treat by the hotel staffs is a good thing about the hotel. Though the hotel room without a window, but the breakfast buffet was serve with variety of food. The room was clean & the design is unique.";
"It was my first stay in Fave Hotel Tanah Abang. When I stayed there it was quiet, I think the occupancy may not be good due to pandemic.  All staffs wore PPE and I had temperature check before entered the lobby. The room was clean, quite small but comfortable. I like the room. Staffs I met were also friendly.  During the pandemic restaurant and room service was only until 6 pm. So I had early dinner then. The food was good. The only minor thing in my opinion was the parking area which was very limited. But luckily they had valet parking which was free.";
"Our family trip last week we stayed at Fave HotelCideng and we really enjoyed it. Overall the service is very good only the taste should be better and variety of food at the restaurant should be more option";
"Budget hotel in a good location in Jakarta. The room is not so big, but enough for a confortable stay. There are some options for eat nearby, such as Starbucks, Mc Donald's, KFC and other local restaurants.";
"I ask for single bed but unfortunately I didn't got my request evev I have write it in my order at online travel agent. But the service was awesome, they always smile and help me a lot when I lost my room card. Thank you.";
"Fasilitas its okay Service its okay Booking its okay Reservation its okay Cleanliness its okay Value its okay Location its okay Rooms its okay Sleep Quality its okay Pokoknya the best so much!! I love it!!";
"Our room (Family 2 bedroom apartment) was great for the price paid. However, no access to terrace and main coach / sofas at the living room should be replaced  as they are not clean, and look dirty to use them.  Reception area and restaurant / breakfast normal.  Pool normal. Not comfortable furniture to enjoy a relaxing time.";
"The location of this hotel is not so close with business or entertaiment area. They have big swimming pool, gym, sauna, and other facilities. The room is  big and clean. The staff also so helpful and nice";
"I just returned from my birthday trip to Europe. From airport I directly go to this hotel. Receptionist was Boy who served me very well. He is so polite to guest, more than my expectation. And he was giving me free upgrade to suite room which ia very qise and comfortable. I am sure I will caomback to this hotel. Such a nice hotel to stay after long flight from europe.";
"The hotel location is grear, very near to train station and other landmarks.  My stay was great, room in clean, spacious and comfortable. The staffs are really helpful and nice. The breakfast is good. They offered lots of variety but for me nothing is memorable.";
"Swimming pool was not clean (as well as windows), air conditioner too loud (all the time), grey towels, dirty sinks in bathroom. Poor customer service, awful hotel decor.  But: Good massage in Spa center, good Chinese food in the restaurant, good WiFi.  Overall, definitely not a 5 star hotel, 2-3 max. Location is not central and far from events/venues/interesting places";
"It was quite a nice stay. Very friendly personal and a comfort room with everything you need. Big bed inside and a nice bathroom. Downstairs is a little restaurant where you can have some food or just drink something. Would like to stay another night when I go back to Jakarta! :)";
"The room is really comfortable, clean and cold. The staff is really nice and kind. In the lobby is connecting with Padang Restaurant and in front of the hotel theres Starbucks that wich is good for you to hang out or just take a coffee. So yeaah overall the place, the staff and the place is really good";
"To whom it my concern,  I feel satisfied staying at the Maxone hotel.  The rooms are comfortable and always cleaned every day, the staff are friendly, the response is fast when needed, breakfast is varied.  Everything is ok, so there is no reason not to stay at this hotel again when traveling.  One more thing is that its strategic location, close to Starbucks and Padang's food restaurant which is open 24 hours, and close to the busway stop makes it easy for me to hang out while working and makes it easy for me to do activities with public transport.  Thus the results of my review during a stay at the Maxone Platinum Hotel (16-26 Feb 2020).  Br, -Wiwien-";
"Room was good, clean and excellent services from front office especially from mbak Wulan. Thank very much Mbak Wulan. Maxone hotel also have a good meals. I enjoy with delicious menu for breakfast. I also wouldlike to thank young lady who was helping me to take my breakfast at restaurant in monday morning.";
"Located just behind the padang merdeka resto and . there some choice for restaurant, and also supermarket and convenient store within a walking distance, since traffic jams are common in the area. The room are not big but clean and tidy, too bad the quilt a bit damp during our first night, we ask for a change the nex day and the new one is Ok.   The bathroom are clean, but the ventilation fan is not strong enough to suck the steam during a shower and the steam made the cool room tiles wet all over, and that's unpleasant situation.  The readily available slipper in the room is only a pair, even though the room is intended for two guest.";
"The interior is all great based on the rent price. I also have no problem with the cleanliness as well.   But, I am experiencing a full of unpleasant experiences even within 1 hour after I checked in!   First of all, a group of people can enter to inside my room based on their keys! Phewm, fortunately I am still fully clothed and not taking a bath. This family said that they were given the wrong keys by the receptionist.  Next, my Air-Con is not working well. The room was very hot. At the beginning, I thought it's happening in all rooms until I saw a housekeeper cleaning a room in front of mine and realized this room is quite cool.   Then, I asked the receptionist to change the room and they said the hotel was fully booked for double bed and all guests have checked in.  Wow,";
"The room is not bad and clean although it is rather hot (or the AC is working poorly). The mattress is good, but the bed is too short for a tall person like  me (1.90). What I really dislike about this place is the loudness of the music at breakfast. It seems you are attending a disco, rather than having breakfast. Even the music on the corridor to the room is that loud that it irritates you when at your room. What is the point of it? Does the hotel wants it quests to be awake?";
"Many times had stayed in this hotel. The location was perfect in the heart of business and government area. The breakfast was so tasty with typically Indonesian traditional foods, though they also served international food. The front desk staffs were so nice and helpful to handle any circumstances of my requests. Perfect for a long or short business stay!";
"One of good hotel in pecenongan area for seen, look and find something to eat around Jakarta. The hotel is good, the ambience also good, environment also ok and staff are very friendly is more welcoming you into the Hotel.";
"Although the rooms are not spacious, but this hotel is located in the crossroads of the bustle of Central Jakarta, with its culinary appeal around it. A short visit also becomes meaningful with all the facilities available, both by this hotel and the surrounding environment.";
"Happy bgt stay weekend di hotel ibis staffnya ramah bgt apa lg covid gini semua protokol kesehatan dan semuanya terjalani top bgt.Thanks for the service im really happy to stay on weekend here with friends";
"I would like to share my experience staying in Ibis Styles Jakarta Gajah Mada which took place in early December last year. I decided to stay in this hotel since I had an early morning appointment to attend the next day in CBD area of Jakarta.   Since I had stayed in Ibis Jakarta Harmoni the week before, I decided to stay in this particular hotel property. The hotel had confirmed that they would prepare my room for early check-in that day. However, since I had to finish some work prior to checking in the hotel, I arrived in the hotel around noon that day.  Check-in was prompt and efficient. Within 10 minutes, I have entered my suite room which was located in the 7th floor (Room 708). The room was huge (bigger than most rooms we can find in any Ibis or Ibis Styles), clean and";
"Me and my family ate spaghetti carbonara.. drink watermelon juice and orange juice. All taste very delicious. Good ambience. Pricing also good. Good service.. thank you ms. Mivtah for serving us today, you are very nice..";
"On the upside, the bedroom given to me was spacious. The air-conditioning system worked perfectly well. The breakfast was excellent with variety of choices (Continental, Javanese, Indonesian). The room service was unbelievably fast and efficient. - On the downside, the hotel lobby on Saturday night was very stressful as there were many wedding guests lounging around. Some of the children were noisy with parents showed no interest in teaching their children better manners in hotel lobby area. It would be good if hotel staff members can remind the noisy people (children and/or adults) to quiet down, and be a little bit more considerate to other hotel guests. Just a thought.";
"Located just behind Gaja Madah mall, there is an easy back door access. Room comfortable and large enough. Unfortunately, the toilet leaked on the floor and they couldn't fix it. There were too many mozzies at the lobby and in the restaurant. I had to get some repellent which helped but it was irritating.";
"Thank you for the friendly staff and impressive service during my trip in Jakarta. The location of the hotel is pretty strategic to the business area in Tana Abang, Abdul Muis and Gambir.. Breakfast was delicious eventhough served in a mealbox delivered to the room as they implementing health protocol during the pandemic of covid. Check in was very efficient. Still want to try a seafood street food accross to the hotel during the night..it’s very tempting when you stay in the hotel..";
"The hotel is distinguished by its warm reception and respect for the desires of the guest, as the room is clean and beautifully designed despite its small size, the buffet is varied, the location is unique and all services are available around it.";
"Good standard hotel near Gajah Madah area.  Gajah Madah plaza within walk-able distance which has good eateries, shopping and a Cinema.  The restaurant at the hotel offers local food at reasonable rates.";
"Affordable price for a clean and simple stay in the central of Jakarta City. Late Check in and was assisted efficiently and room was clean and comfy. Bathroom with hot shower was nice. We have no chance to try the breakfast as the city trip has to be started in the morning so next time surely will book a room that include breakfast.";
"Security team is great teams, helpfull us, their service from the heart, mukena not clean, the buffet is not clean and tidy, condiment for salad bar and porridge is too stingy and too small,salad bar is must be cold, i dont see ice for base salad bar and slice fruit for maintain fresh level";