"We stayed in Harris Hotel Tebet, the Suite Room was spacious and really neat. The staffs were very helpful and they really pay attention on safety protocols. Nice swimming pool and  overall facilities are really goods and have many instagram-able spots. The breakfast, Lunch and Dinner was vary and tasted good.   Special thanks to Priska, she was very attentive and helpful during our stay. It was wonderful experience.";
"I stayed 7 days at Harris Tebet Jakarta and the health protocols are running properly at this hotel, it's good to maintain it and during the meeting it goes well and is responsive when you need anything from F & B.  for service in the room, it is very satisfying from housekeeping and the best from cleaning service that I have considered a friend, bli ADI is very responsive and understands what I want to set up my bed and make me comfortable while staying here.  Thank you Harris Tebet, warm greetings from Bali.";
"I stayed 2 night with my kids, they were really happy to enjoy swimming at the HARRIS swimming pool. The food also good. However, the internet connection was very low , I think because we stayed at 8 level.";
"I chose Harris because of its location. And I do believe that I could stay, wfh and rest peacefully. Unfortunately the other guests didn't respect it. Most of the time, the other guests next door can't keep their voice low and even laughing in the corridor. For the staff, when the guest put "don't disturb" tag, means that: please don't even make any noice in front of the room, beside not knocking on the door.   During this pandemic situation, hope Harris also more strict to people who wanted to visit the guest. Prescreening point in the front of the door needs to be lift up by putting also disinfectant for the shoes  For food quality, I was disappointed. For someone who needs to stay still in the room, and no choices to order from outside, you must be very patient till your end";
"I had a business meeting in Harris Hotel Tebet yesterday. every detailed they offered to me was beyond expectation. their service was awesome, food also very delicious. i managed my reservation 1 week before my schedule and their banquet manager Ms. Ardina is treat us very well. eventough there were pandemic, they had a very strict healthy regulation that makes me and all of my staff feel safe.";
"I stayed here on Nov 25-26 2020,  Even though I was check in late, the reception was friendly to welcome me, he gave the room as I requested to Ms. Nadia and siska by call both of them were excellent for follow up my requests. And I got a slice of cake and birthday wishes card it makes me feel excited on my birthday then when I checked out the reception was good. Wyndham casablanca is good for service, it has nice room and all staff are friendly and the hotel is close to the mall.";
"Great breakfast options and excellent service! Please add more international & kids tv channels so all guests with family can enjoy, but overall was great.  Keep up the good work and we’re looking forward see you again :)";
"First in mind is service experience was excellent! The best thing that can offer from the hotel. Beside that, I was having my lunch at Riva bar, near the pool, it was delicious and recommended. The pool also great, cool view and so relaxing. I really enjoyed here.";
"Hi thanks for the hospitalization. Glad in Wyndham you have almost everything in your hotel. We love that we can stay at our room for breakfast and resto can deliver our food to our room. Love the swimming pool design and the clean of swimming pool and other areas. But, we see a minus when in our bedroom we couldn't find a tissue (while in toilet there's so many tissue). We can move tissue from toilet to our bedroom. And also for hot water, it took very long time to become hot. We already complained to operator and they said it was because they turn off the hot water machine in specific times. WE know all the hotel did it's part of save energy and protect the world. So, we suggest for tissue in toilet you can move one tissue to bedroom and for hot water, you can turn on the";
"I remember booking the hotel on Traveloka flash sale. The rate was almost half from the normal rate. It was such a good deal! Arrived at the hotel, the protocol was applied. Started by checking the temperature and providing the hand sanitizers. When I checked in, the receptionist was not that friendly yet so helpful. When I asked for room at the high floor, she said that currently there were only 2 floors opened.  I said ok and requested the street view.  The room was very clean, neat, with good smell. Overall, I give 8.5 for the room, and also they gave me the street view so I could enjoy the view and enjoying sunset. The swimming pool was fine too. They provided towels, and when my nephew swam, there was only 3 people inside the pool (including my nephew) I was so happy";
"Nice to stay at POP Hotel Tebet. I recommended this place n thanks for Ms. Kiki, as her and co's friendly service , helpfull n no hassle during my stays. Easy to reach culinaries spot and malls too....great hotel with full of promising journeys....cheers";
"I came here to have some leisure with my family and we got some choices for breakfast menu. Nice minimalist room. Our room was in 7th floor, and maybe the hotel could add some barrier between the floor balcony cause it really freaks my mom out when she saw down below from 7th floor hahaha overall its good, thumbs up";
"Nice and Relax Hotel. Quite and Strategic Location. Polite and Helpfull Staff.  But breakfast sholud be ala carte so we can have a relax breakfast condition.  Price good and not expensive.  Facility running well.";
"Good and comfortable hotel. Nice staff. Just make me feel like living at my own house. Also, the location is convenient to go anywhere like monad and other tourism spot. The only disadvantage is that it is too perfect.";
"Hotel cukup2 nyaman good service from the staff till servers food in warong pop very good Ayam geprek mozarella, nasi goreng and milkshake you have to try to go down in the downstairs near by lobby in smoking area";
"It was my first stay in Bidakara hotel. This hotel is old but well maintained. Even some national events took place here. My first impression was fast check in process then as I entered the room I found it spacious and clean.  All rooms there are non smoking. But there were some smoking area in Kenanga restaurant and Anggrek restaurant. I like spending time in Anggrek restaurant enjoying good food and live music. My favorite was nasi kapau dendeng balado, it was like Padang cuisine. I loved the taste and presentation. My favorite drinks there were black coffee of course and chocolate ginger.  A friend of mine told me that the pindang patin and salmon steak were great. But unfortunately I don't like fish. Wanted to have a bite though some time.  The breakfast in Kenanga";
"For me, Grand Bidakara Pancoran has good location, not too far from office center in Kuningan. Few days ago, I brought my wife and children there, and it was okay. The swimming pool and playground is good, although it was not big. I love breakfast menu in this hotel, suitable for Indonesian food fans. Unfortunately, the room size is quite small, it need to be more developed. But overall, this hotel can be your choice for traveling in Jakarta with standard price.";
"The location of the hotel is strategic.  Just behind the hotel, there are a small shopping mall & restaurant . No need to spend much time if we wish to take a meal.  The hotel itself is a big hotel but look like very old. we think that this hotel need to be renovated to make more attractive. we believe if this hotel has been renovated, it will very interest to stay at this hotel.  For the food, good enough. Many kind of food serve during breakfast.  So the improvement which is needed by this hotel is only renovation";
"I picked this hotel to attend someone’s wedding.  This is an old hotel, with quite well maintained building.  Staff friendliness are so so in their hospitality, most probably due to the high occupancy.  Spacious room with so so cleanliness also. They need to see the underbed cleanliness. I pushed the bed since we couldnt get queen size bed and shoched to find it so dirty.  Met couple of guess in the lift whose being handle by the Duty Manager I assumed. They told us to be careful coz somebody enter their room.  7.30am in the Morning while still sleeping. Someone knocking at the door. I honestly feel irritated, open and cleaned towel were being delivered. Gosh. I still have cleaned towel and didnt request it also.  The only thing best is their wide variety of breakfast selection.";
"Located at the heart of South Jakarta business area, Bidakara Grand Pancoran provide me a spacious room, good breakfast, and complete facilities. Thanks Liana - Front Office staff for upgrading my room. Overall services was Perfect! Will come back again on next business trip to Jakarta.  Just try their In room dining menu “Nasi Goreng Bebek”.";
"I stayed there for two nights in September. When I got there a security officer ask me to wash my hands in a wash basin provided beside the building. I also saw disinfecting chamber there. Then a front office staff help me with check in process. He wore face mask and face shield. Staffs in the restaurant wore the same PPE. The breakfast was also delivered to my room instead of having buffet like before pandemic. The breakfast were two choices either Asian or western. Due to the limited guests they had there was only one building opened which is non smoking one. I appreciate their effort to serve guests with all limitations due to pandemic.";
"I love this hotel which located in Patra Kuningan which is a business area but surrounded by green area. Staying here did not feel like in the heart of Jakarta. I saw some improvement in service and products they had.  Let's start from my fast check in process assisted by Risca and Imam. It was and also they mention a bit about their hotel. Then I entered my room which was a lot cleaner than my room last year. Around midnight when suddenly I was starved I order room service and accepted by Mayang. Then my order was delivered by Imron as I recalled. An oxtail tom yum came less then 30 minutes. The taste was great. I had it twice actually with another one for my lunch. In the morning I had breakfast and helped by Steffany. She asked my what I wanted for breakfast and served me.";
"Nice hotel in affordable budget with buffet breakfast. Near to the business places and offices. Only the thing is it’s far from the airport. One can directly contact the reception for the reservation of the room.";
"This hotel located in south jakarta, afordable price around 400k with standart room facilities like shower with hot water, TV, AC, and water heater for made coffee or tea. Cozy place due to didnt noisy even located in the city. Breakfast menus are complete and tasty.";
"Basic and clean, tucked away in a small lane near the embassy district. Unfortunately the canal opposite the hotel has become a smelly ditch and there are no pavements so there is nowhere to walk near the hotel. You need a taxi. Hotel check in staff are not efficient, you can help by having all the right documents on hand and being patient. My room had a problem with the phone lead so the phone didn't work during my stay. You need to phone down to ask for a hairdryer and this took 20 mins and 2 phone calls to procure. There is no soap dish. The disinfected glasses in the bathroom looked dirty. But the bed was clean and comfortable and the curtains blocked out the light and there are a lot of TV channels for foreigners. I would stay again, if forced to.";
"Stay one night 18 Jul, really suitable for business hotel , i stay at 10th F, nice view and price is really reasonable, i have some comments, this hotel without fitness center facility and we order lunch at restaurant near lobby but service slow ( in my case i need to remind restaurant staff of my order ) but they have great location";
"Warm welcome by the lady in FO, got room for early check-in, buffet breakfast consider Ok. Choose to keep quite regardless poor Air-conditioner, noisy and couldn't be adjusted. got 2 twin bed convert to double bed.  I was still Ok until, tried to keep our 2 big luggage and will come back the next day from Bandung to take the luggage, but the guy in FO said their room was full due to Group KFC, he challenged me and said, if you don't believe here's the group list.";
"Staying for one night because of business matter near this crowded area.. Hotel location is at the main road, so you'll easily find it. Their room size is quite small. And, oh, i hate when they put their 2 single bed together to made it like a queen bed.. this is so uncomfortable.   Their breakfast is standard. But i love their salad.";
"Up to the point where even smile are limited except from their housekeeper and security.. The room itself are small but clean.. My husband asked for a room with window that can be opened but the receptionist said that all the window on their rooms cannot be opened.. For the resto, almost every meal are spicy at my first breakfast (I stayed for 2 nights).. Since my husband & our kids can’t eat spicy food, I intended to ordered an omelette or else from the egg station for them to eat.. Turned out the egg station are not open before 7 AM so my husband and our kids only eat porridge and sliced fruits.. It’s get better at the second day though, so it’s still an OK.. Oh to be noted, you must bring cash if you eat at their restaurant since they can't billed it to your room.. Such a";
"stayed for 1 night. the location is so close with transjakarta halteu and supermarket. the room was tidy and clean. the view from my room was great because i stayed on 7th floor. the receptionist was friendly and helpful. overall, i'm satisfied with the service, thank you";
"The place is easy to find. Here you have to check in right at 2 p.m. Even you arrive in the hotel before, you have to wait untill 2 p.m. The lobby so clean. There is welcome drink you can enjoy.   After checkin, we go to our room in 3rd floor by elevator with access card. You can get the card after check in.   The room so clean and tidy. But its not soundproof at all. You still can hear people playing music. The hole in the door cant we close because its broken, so i did hold it with masking tape.  Overall everythings good. Showet, wastafel, closet, clean and smells good.  But there are no water heater for making coffee or tea in room. I dont know in the restaurant. I leave before morning so i didnt try the breakfast at 6 a.m";
"Having a short stay here before going back to Banjarmasin on the next day its really suitable for us (me and wife). The room is not to new but everything still works well. The choices for  breakfast are not many but the taste is suit me. One the best about this hotel is the location, you can go to Kokas easily, Tebet Area really close to this hotel, so you will.not find yourself hungry in the midnight. Keep up the good work. Cheers";
"The room I stayed in was clean, with TV and AC. Breakfast was delicious & the meals varied. However, I found it a bit hard to sleep at night due to the noise of the passing vehicles on the street in front of the hotel. Also, the shower wasn't working. The water only ran from a tap below the shower so I had to kneel when taking a bath.";
"The hotel has a lobby environment that is comfortable and spacious to walk. Food quite good and the staff are very helpful.  Furnitures are a bit style but the light in the bathroom was a bit dim.  Overall was good";
"We had office meeting here The food is good The meeting room quite nice, but there's no restroom for those who use the meeting room So the hotel open 1 or 2 room to use as restroom And the room is average  So far not bad I give 4 star for this place";
"I came with friend. We had a great experience in this hotel.  The room is clean The location is perfect near from city landmark n food center. Near from kota kasablanka n supermarket.  Thanks for Mr. Jalu in FO for helping us. Really want to come back again soon";
"The staffs were very helpful to accommodate us to feel comfortable during stay at the hotel.   A helpful security guard help me to park the car on the parking lot. The parking lot was crowded due it was peak season when me and my family visiting Jakarta.  The receptionist work efficiently for preparing the room key and work all out.  The breakfast was sufficient to cater the energy up to noon time. The variety was standard for 2 * hotel.";
"The staffs was very helpful and friendly, they served very all out. When I need to shuttle to Menara bidakara, they also provide free shuttle services too. The food taste was delicious, the roof top restaurant was very cute view with modern decoration.  The room was very comfort too for me to stay at there for 3 nights.";
"Dear Sofyan Inn, Tebet…  I was a customer of Sofyan Tebet (before becoming Sofyan Inn). I rarely stay longer at Sofyan Tebet again, because my activities at Jakarta moved in Senayan area.   On February 01, 2017, my flight from Halim Perdanakusuma Airport to Adisucipto Yogyakarta was canceled in the middle of the night, I would immediately find a hotel to stay. Finally, I contacted the hotel Sofyan Inn and hope that there are still rooms available, and Alhamdulillah still available 1 room for me….  I feel surprised when I reached the hotel, I see the layout of hotel is nicer than before, also when I get into my room all decoration are changing with better of facilities and amenities than a few years ago. This situation is supported by the hotel staff were still very friendly as";
"I stayed here for a business trip because it was close to all of the places I needed to go in Jakarta. On the good side it was within walking distance to a trans Jakarta stop so it was bearable to go places and brave the traffic but the hotel itself was not well kept. My room was damp, the linens smelled that I took my pillow casings off one night so that I can sleep, and the breakfast horrible. The staff was, however, quite nice and helpful. Really, that is the only highlight of this hotel.";
"I booked for 9 nights but frankly will stay only 7, I'm still having more 4 nights.  At the first place I decided to book here based on the previous guests reviews, and I don't think I will add more details which already been covered before. I want to confirm that the place is very comfortable, my room was so cozy and clean, the staff don't speak good english but they always welcome with an adorable smile and they are very helpful. The Manager Mr. Ali and his wife Ms. Ana are super supportive, they do all their best to take care of everyone and everything, Mr. Ali sent one of the staff with me to guide me to a restaurant, and offered to make delivery for the traditional food, booking a grab taxi for me and when I wanted to print and copy some documents the did it for free. The";
"if you have a tight budget. yet wanna have decent room in the big durian. i would recommend this guest house.  surprisingly good service. spacious room, clean bathroom, good wifi connection, and calming environment!";
"The Sabda guest house was very good. The rooms were clean, the manager and his wife were friendly, helpful and they are taking good care of their guests. The breakfast was nice too. They also picked us up at the airport for a fair price. The only thing is that you have to pay bar.";
"The hotel owners speak great English and are very skilled and helpful. They would give us the best tips and explain local culture to us. The room was just right sind very clean. While we didn't love the city Jakarta, this hostel was a great place to stay and the owners are doing a great job.";
"The bedroom is nice and clean. But the decor at the public area of the hotel is a bit dated and a lot of things could have been improved. But all in all a nice hotel. I had a good sleep and a nice breakfast.";
"Management are lazy. Still no gym open. Because they can't be bothered buying disinfect. They Emily all the gym staff to sit on their backsides all day. Kept asking management when it would open but they are clueless";
"The hotel is characterized by an attractive location where services are provided, it has spacious suites and the prices are very suitable ... It is a disadvantage that it needs maintenance in some rooms and changing the lighting, and some suites have a view of a dead grave.";
"The hotel has a spacious hotel suites with a great view, the prices are very suitable with playgrounds and swimming pools and offers breakfast buffet open, rooms are very clean and washing machine and internet";
"My friend lived in Puri Casablanca 20 odd years back when he was working as an ex pat, and it was good and all shiny. Now it’s like an ex rental after 20 plus years. It all works though fortunately, but no wonder there are few internal shots. Facilities are numerous. Running, tennis, mini golf, putting, sauna, spa, etc. Our apartment serves us well but fridge was broken and kitchen was certainly 25 years old and weathered badly. So too the bathroom and shower room. It was also interesting to have views over a cemetery! Very convenient for Kokas with loads of food and quite a big mall. Breakfast was included. Small but adequate range.";
"Went to Jakarta with a group of 9 friends for 3 nights and stayed at 3 apartments ( 3 bedroom)  @Puri Casablanca.  While the location is great with just 200m walk to nice shopping mall in Kota Kasablanca where you get a lot of branded shops and a variety of food outlets to grab a bite.  The facilities are excellent at the Puri with decent gym, great pool, tennis courts and kids play area and a more than decent super market to buy everything you need while staying in an apartment.  The only flip side is the service levels of be it front office, house keeping or maintenance ( attending to your need) Either they have too many booking and cannot cope up or simply short of staff.   But despite that everything else is excellent and it’s huge apartment complex.   I sincerely Hope they";
"guest hose satu ini berada didekat tebet, daerah jakarta selatan. rekomendasi tempat untuk perjalanan business dan hanya untuk sekedar beristirahat. kamar yang cukup mewah dengan harga yang sangat terjangkau, kamar luas, tv chanel lengkap, bathroom yang luas, memiliki mini bar didalam kamar. tempat parkir yang cukup untuk tamu. walaupun tempat ini cukup masuk kedalam tetapi ini salah satu rekomendasi tempat yang saya tawarkan untuk menginap.";
"Stayed here one night before flying to Yogya from Halim Perdama Airport. The reception guy was nice, room was clean, the only thing, they use some really smelly drugs against the insect which they put inside the bathroom. Anyway would recommend for overnight stay before early morning flight.";
"I landed in this hotel by coincidence. After one night I was surprised by the quality. The price is very cheap and the rooms are surprisingly brand new, clean & fully equipped. Most important: the internet connection is great! I will definitely come back here when I visit Jakarta again.";
"free parking";
"Halim Perdana Kusuma Airport";
"kebetulan lagi ingin cari pengalaman baru,pesannya lewat pegi2.com,,, beruntung dapat yang ini fasilitas lumayan lengkap,layaknya bintang 2 namun dengan harga kelas  melati...karyawannya juga ramah hanya saja pelayanan yang memang sesuai harganya";