"For the room is very comfort,food is so delicious, staff in here very friendly and kind like mr Zainal, ms Melly, Ms Laila they are so welcome and gorgeous. I like the atmosphere here..not too crowd. Very recommended hotel in Jakarta.";
"We have great experience and service durung our stay. With warmth and kind service of the staff, including the beautiful staff Miss April. Keep the spirit alive to serve the guest. The best service ever.";
"Happy with Yuan Garden Pasar baru. Thank you so much for make the happy moment in our company. The hotel look very good and service is upscale. Staff so impress and humble. The location strategic close to access pasar baru market";
"Service was excellent, especially from the Front Office (Ms. April). Room was comfy. Covid 19 protocol are applied. Lobby lounge was good enough to have spend time at night, the service ia great thanks Ms. Maria and Juliana. Definitely Will be back again..";
"This hotel is really great! I was booking for 3 nights for my staycation honeymoon, the facilities is great, the location was great it's near to the shopping spot. The breakfast was quite good, but i was expecting more from 4 star hotel if i compare with other hotel. But for the hotel staff service is really good, even when we ask for several stuff and quite often they always serve us passionately. I'm really recommend this hotel if you want to do staycation.  Thx yuan garden!";
"We love to stay here. Everything was good and excellent. Huge room, clean bathroom, super friendly staff, best swimming pool in Jakarta with mini water park for kids and also greenery area is wonderful . Satoo is another best part of this hotel, the food was awesome, wide variety food available there, from east, west, asian, superb. We had breakfast in the restaurant and also dining in the room, both food and service are excellent.  During pandemic like this time, all aspect in this hotel very well maintained and their health protocol is Top. No worries to stay here.";
"I have stay on shangri-la Jakarta on 13 dec 2020. And their service was outstanding. I was book for 2 single bed room but at The time im check in. They Said The room was not ready. And They offered a King size bed with extra bed free of charge. And They even can to plan when to send a birthday cake to My birthday wife. At My stay They could remembered My name amazingly. Two of My kids also could get a breakfast free of charge.   The room spacious and very clean. Even when i need more amenities They send it right away.  I Will back to stay at shangri-la Jakarta for sure.  Kudos!";
"Really feel Safety with Covid19 protocol to enjoy delicious food.. Nice ambience Good service and good quality food Thank you for Mr Deddy and Chef Rizki Wijatmoko, Me and squad feels happy and special of your professional service   Anggun KCTS";
"Staycation here for two nights. The staffs were nice, adequately polite, from Front Desk to Gym staff and Housekeeping met in the hallway. Maybe little lack in one or two security staffs and restaurant staffs. Special thanks to Ms. Tiffany, Guest Relation Team that helped arranged nice anniversary kit in short notice. The health protocol was done since arrival at parking lobby. standard temp check, data registration during check in. Sanitizer and tissue provided everywhere. in the room, also provided small kit i.e. plastic glove, one mask, alcohol wipe, small sanitizer. wondering why only one mask since we were two. Room itself clean and nice. shower floor very slippery. the TV cable can use a better upgrade with more channel choices. the gym was like our own, only one or two";
"thank you Shangrila for the hospitality, especially Septi is very eager and super helpful. We love the experience here for the lunch. The employees Lina, Davi, Kuntoro and Rico were very heplful and sang a birthday song to our dearest friend Kevin. We love SATOO so much! Thanks!";
"Lovely breakfast provide it by Sana Sini team The service topnotch and food was great. Croissants and pain au chocolate was the best and the Indonesia food was delicious  Glad to be back in town 😀😀😀";
"Love this hotel.. got a friendly service in all area and have been complied with health protocol..  during the breakfast session,we have been treated a well services from Mr Arvi and team.  Thank you very much for the hospitality..  Novi and Wenny";
"It was such a great getaway to escape the hectic world of work schedule for a while. The service from the staffs was very good, and they made sure the room is disinfected first before we enjoy our stay. We were allowed to decorate the room too and it was so much fun! Also, we love the view of Jakarta from our suite too! We would definitely go back here for another staycation!";
"Nice to stay back in Pullman, Thamrin all the staff in this hotel are really warm welcome us as a family we are really Happy and enjoyable to stay for celebration, I also enjoy the view I will come back to stay and I so Happy for surprise to my Daughter";
"Great staff, i was served by Arvi.. he explained recommended menu and we ordered Salmon Teriyaki Set menu and Mie goreng.  Food was great, service was great. Cleanliness was great as well as they do covid19 protocols. We would like to return for sure.";
"I arrived at the midnight, and bring 2 big luggage, no staff help me to take off my baggage from car, so i need to bring my luggage alone, and climb a few stairs, and that time have 1 staff, standing and talking with the reception, but he didnt help me, until i reach the lobby, and 1 another staff coming to help me, location is great, have a walking distance to pasar pagi mangga dua & itc mangga dua, easy to find food";
"One of the best Hotel in Central Jakarta. All amenities are available 24×7. The breakfast they serve is healthy & too many varieties can be eaten.Hotel service is excellent. You can get taxi easily outside the hotel in Parking area.";
"Stayed 3 nights. Basic room but come with free tea and coffee. Location is at a surprisingly quiet area. Good service and a place to stay to get to the airport quickly. 20 mins walk to Mangga Dua Square where there is a Carrefour Transmart Hypermarket located. For some reason, this is the place to shop for Agarwood, some kind of incense wood as there are many shops selling this. Also cheap shopping inside this mall.";
"Hotel zuri express mangga duaThank you to Nani ..jaja and  Putri All of you are very kind and humble😍😍😍😍 near by shopping area . I was sonfun in here. Recommended for staying . Food is good excelent";
"i only came to this hotel whenever i visit jakarta. the staff , the food and the rooms never dissapoint me. Always get 5 star services from the staff name Nani. a very good location, and easy access to almost shopping location.";
"Top location, direct acces to PI mall, nice iconic lobby with good christmas decoration. Spacious room, but little bit old furnish. Good, clean, various breakfast. There was no any welcome drink or any fruits or any surprise chocolates in my room like other 5 strs hotels.";
"For anybody who still worry to do some staycation for yourself or for your family, i have to say Grand Hyatt as a 5 star hotel, definetely gave the best standard to handle this kind of virus, from the entrance till the room, everything are well prepared. Thank you Grand Hyatt for your amazing service with amazing promotional rate. Stay safe and keep healthy!";
"Excellent service. Spacious rooms. Mesmerizing room view. Clean rooms. Pandemic precaution in place. Relaxing stay. Breakfast was lovely. Family friendly. Pool was under renovation but can't wait until the renovation is complete. Five star staycation.";
"Grand Hyatt should be the grandest of all Hyatt property. In Jakarta, this property is iconic and located above the luxury Plaza Indonesia Mall and facing the Bundaran HI. I really had very high expectation about this hotel.   The lobby is grandeur and huge. Check in was no hassle, I book the night from Traveloka during their flash sale, so I had a very good rate.   The room itself is large and spacious. But it's just not luxurious and seems old. The bathroom is small, but it has bathtub. What disappointed me the most are the bed. I booked twin bed and stay with my friend. But the twin bed configuration is not really twin bed. It's more like double bed split in the middle. There's no space among the 2 beds, literally sticks to each other. The design is not well thought and";
"The staff was very helpful, the service was incredible. Very clean room & nice breakfast. Even though i paid for the promo and got late check out till 3PM! the service beyond expectation. Thank you Grand Hyatt!";
"If you just want have a simple cozy bed, and crash later at night with no other purpose, this hotel may be a smart decision to stay. Everything is measured by your needs. Comfy bed, cool air conditioner, simple compact bathroom, with a clean sleek modern design. It serves its purpose as a smart budget hotel for your convenience.";
"Smart Hotel for Smart People Clean place, humble staff Good price, good deal Exclusive Gift Quick response when the staff found any problems with my group Good Security Excellent responsibility ( front staff )";
"Room so small but good ambiance, air cond. not to cool but they have a fan in every room, price is so so not cheap and not expensive, because they didn't have any amanities (likes sleepers, tooth brush, tooth paste), location 7.";
"Nice hotel, with nice staff  clean room. Great location, valuable rate. Green hotel, due to less plastic consumption.  Overall I love this hotel. Keep it up Red Planet Jakarta Pasar Baru. I will be back!";
"Two issues with this hotel:  1) air-conditioning doesn't cool the room that much. Are their air-conditioning units properly maintained or are they set to not cool below a certain temperature to save on electricity costs?  2) the cigarette smoke stench inside was the room was quite unbearable. I specifically requested non-smoking but still the room was stinky.";
"location was ok but only towel and soap were given there was no dental kit. I was disappointed with the choice of breakfast there were no bread all. And they were doing  nothing to offer. So what for the breakfast was included but the fact was nothing. what a bad experience.";
"A nice place to have a holiday or for travel business. Good staff and management, clean room, a cozy cafe wich is 2 place for smoking and no smoking area. I think you guys should try this place... By the way it's very cheap but the place is realy good...";
"Service is good. Coffee is really good. Room is clean and decent. Pricing is budget friendly too.   Location is also smack in the middle of the city. Its near a lot of places that you want to go as a tourist.  Overall its a great budget hotel.";
"Room very clean. Room service. Room service is very friendly. Very strategic location, close to the Pasar Baru market. Good for vacation. Culinary tour and clothes shopping. Near to the train station between Juanda Station and Sawah Besar Station.";
"Very friendly receprionist. Fast checkin process.  Room and bathroom very clean. But very limited amenities. just a pouch of multipurpose liquid wash, a chunk of soap, two bottle of mineral water. no tooth brush and tooth paste, no hair dryer, no slipper (they have some for sale), no cloth hanger.";
"Very good ambience. Nice room. Minimalist room. Clean hotel. Very nice Front Office is Ms. Yeni. I will  stay in this hotel again. All Staf like security, etc are vey nice. Feel like at home. Hope Heef Hotel will open other branches. Thank you";
"This hotel is nice and near Pasar Baru, but the location is crowded.  Regarding location, since there is shopping mall near hotel, I can buy something necessary if I have time. It is a near from cetral Jakarta.  They have restaurant and roof top. In total is ok and can try to stay here when visit jakarta alone or with couple to stay.  Room is comfortbale. Good house keeping. The interior is a cuttie with modern girl design. love it.  Basically, I'm satisfied stay in hotel.";
"Front office is so helpful, thank you Ms. Dinda.  Spacious room, nice breakfast, favorite hotel because it have a lot of thematic spot to take a picture, also they have their own supermaket on basement.";
"We stayed in Heef Hotel for one night and everything was good. The lady at the Reception was really helpful and kind.  This hotel is strategically located opposite Passer Baroe, a place to go if you're looking into buying Musical Instruments or just tasting the local food. There's a stretch or market where you can buy things from non-branded slippers, bags, dresses and wigs!  The hotel breakfast was simple but tasted good. They had a choice of local breakfast which is rice, a main dish, some vegetables and keropok. Then, they served Koko Krunch, Bread, Coffee, Tea and Fruits! Good enough.  We're planning to come back again very soon.";
"My honeymoon stay at Heef Hotel (late check in 3rd of august around 8pm) has been a good one. Very nice welcoming & informative  staff (Mr. Purnama & Dodi)a lil'bit forgot the name,Sorry if there's a myspelling name. and thank you Mr. Slamet Santoso (Hotel Manager) for a lovely arragements at our room. The room was clean,good size not too big/small and overall the staff is very helpful. I recommend Heef Hotel for stay in Central Jakarta with best price,good service and nice room.";
"I got room at 6th floor, and the view at night so good. Staff are very nice, pool is good, the location nearby Grand Indonesia & Tanah Abang. overall I love to stay here, maybe will be back next time!";
"Millennium Hotel Sirih, a four-star deluxe, has a vast building. The hotel is well maintained the staff is friendly and helpful. The room looks good, and the bathroom is clean, and this is important. They also support the safety protocols, and the swimming pool is used for several people with a limitation time of around 1 hour for each person. And a suggestion from me to improve the Hotel amenity, thank you";
"Next please dont put me on 13th floor, because my little girl saw shadow in the room, and she is crying and want to going down. She is scare and finally she is going down with her mother to report to duty manager on the lobby.";
"Booked this hotel because from the flash sale of an online travel ecommerce. The protocol was being applied. The security checked our body temperature. The front office staff aren't really friendly, but they were very clear on telling the regulation and hotels details. the old vibes are very strong felt in the elevator, the keycard was'nt for tapped, instead we needed to slide inside the machine. The room is good, very clean, no strange odor. The bathroom is okay, the amenities just okay. At that time, the kids were disappointed because the pool was closed. According to the staff, it was closed due to Covid-19. So we were just spending the time at the room.";
"I have been to quite a few countries, But Jakarta Mulliuen Hotel was impressive with the Hospitality was outstanding with Service the meet more than my expectations, The Front Team was superb in my service to get a shoe, Shopping for friends and restaurants and taxi and moped usage, every time I left my room which was cleaned with lemongrass and the Hallways also. they asked about a breakfast upgrade and Cocktail event each day was divine! God Bless  all of them!!";
"I stayed at the Borobudur hotel for quarantine purposes and while staying here I got the best service from Mr. Fahmi Firmansyah as a room attendant. The service and facilities are very good and satisfying, hope to come back again to stay at the borobudur hotel and i suggest to my colleagues to stay at the borobudur hotel.";
"I used to staycation with my family at Borobudur. The hotel have very large area. The room is big and comfortable, very fit for family. My favourite spot is the swimming pool, because the pool is so large, good for your exercise. There's an authentic food in there, it's an Oxtail Soup, or Sop Buntut Borobudur. You should try!";
"For Mrs. Diah From room 1120 I thank Mrs. Diah who has been very helpful in room service during my quarantine. nice and friendly attitude, and good job. always success for Mrs. Diah and may you always be given health.  Warm greetings To  Mrs. Diah";
"The room was amazing and the view superb. One thing that really stood out was the fantastic level of customer service.  This was consistent over all interactions with staff. All the staff were so attentive helpful, always upbeat especially considering the most trying time we are now in with Covid returning. A big thank you to Mas Anto who went over and beyond to accommodate my room request.  He introduced himself to me as the person who I had been communicating with and was so helpful.";
"For  Mr Prasaditya Room (1234)   Thanks for mr aditya,,,as long as i'm very happy with your service,,good attitude,good cleaning,also you are take care all item base on standart.  Keep your spirit and success for you  Regard  Fatur";
"We have a meeting in that area and found this hotel is very close to it. The hotel is clean, provide water dispenser instead of bottled water. But we have to change room as the Air Con not working properly. Breakfast is decent, good Indonesian meal. The staff will serve you at breakfast amid COVID.";
"The place is strategic, nearby with culinary place. Especially Joni Steak, the food I reallu wanted to try and thank God is nor far from the hotel. The room is good, all stafg are so friendly. Overall so nice.";
"Perfect breakfast, complete condiments and drinks.  Excellent services, helpful and feiendly staff  Clean room and quiet, i have a good sleep in this hotel,  Helpful Housekeeper for handling my needs  Recommend Hotel";
"the overall environment is good. i love the fried rice from Room service. near to Mangga besar and krekot food center. easy access, easy to find food and Favehotel Pasar BAru has Alfamart at their basement level so it is very convenience.";
"A cosy hotel with just the right room size for 2. The hotel is near several food shops down the street so it was easy, and the location was good to get around. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful and the hotel overall was nice.";
"first time staying at this hotel, first impression was good, check in was fast, free parking at the compound, room was clean, spacious and i can say, a litle bit typical of Orchardz establishment  breakfast offering verieties of food which for anyone can be satisfy with the selection, 24 hours shop just a walk away from the hotel, in house karaoke & spa massage, what else you can ask, just stay, relax & enjoy the stay  thank you Orchardz Jayakarta, I m pretty sure will stay again in the next visit";
"Good hotel to stay.. Nice and clean.. Soft and comfort bed.. Air conditioning cold and comfort.. Very friendly and helpful staff.. Delicious food from the cafe.. Shops are in walking distance.. Recommended!!!";
"I stayed two nights here with my wife in February 2019. I like the hotel, but the English skills of staff were lacking but with my Bahasa skills we were fine. Plus this is a hotel where locals stay, so you come to expect it. The staff was very friendly. The room was nice with a king sized bed. The bed was a little hard for me, but this is the norm in Indonesia. Other than my wife there was only one other foreigner staying at the hotel, which I do not mind. I would stay here again when passing through Jakarta.";
"the room good enough, and service was good . breakfast food tasty i like it . but i don't like the pool next to bar, it was weird while you swim there was people eating and hang out and you can't do cannonball in the pool hahaha .";
"We stayed here our last two nights on a 5-week trip.  After a lot of budget hotels with more broken than fixed things it was very comfortable to come here and sleep in spotless linen, with working lights and no furniture broken or damaged.  The swimming pool is also very nice after a hot day of sightseeing. A bit weird though that the pool area is more or less in the restaurant.  Very friendly and helpful staff.   When we stated here, they were renovating on our floor so the hallways had a very bad, chemical smell. But that had no effect in the rooms, you only smelled it when you got out.";
"Hotel is recomend for traveller, easy to reach. But if do you want good breakfast, you will dissapointed. Only bread and a cup a coffee only. So you must prepare breakfast youself. But overall is good.";
"What can I say..  Front desk, ladies were friendly, Men were not friendly. Houskeeping staffs were hanging out and chit chat loudly while doing their jobs  and I could hear their conversation clearly inside the room. aircon was not cold at all, and hotel gave me room which was so noisy, there was a construction work on the next building, while I have requested quiet room when booking. Lots and lots of mosquitoes everywhere in the lobby, hallway, room. i could not sleep at all. Breakfast is poor. Only one bread with tea/coffee. Nothing else. Location, to pasar pagi 15-25mns walk, to itc 10mns walk. No restaurants nearby  you should go to itc for food. The good things were cleanliness  and a comb in a toilettries bag. Securities were friendly too (although quite busybody asking me";
"This hotel is a recommended one if you want to stay at a good hotel with affordable price. It's very near to the ITC Mangga 2, you just need to walk for a few minutes. It is next to a 24 hour store, and there are many local cafes/shops that sell good local food nearby. I really enjoyed staying there.";
"this property located very near the mangga dua mall, only 5 minutes walk. However if you want to go to other shopping area like Thamrin, Tanah Abang or Pasar Baru need to take taxi or other type of transportation. It cost around 30,000 - 50,000 RP by taking Blue Bird taxi. Staffs were very polite and respect each guest. Overall hotel was ok except that the Wifi was unavailable for almost 2 days and TV reception was out for 1 day. That really turned us off.";
"Clean & tidy room, staff is very helpfull. I will suggest to my friend and family if went to Jakarta. Near with Pasar Pagi mangga 2 Dua and infront hotel have night market. Can shopping there. Overall im satisfied. Good hospitality keep it up 👍🏻";
"Best Western hotel concepts kinda dark n colonial type ... some how the management managed to give a touch of a horror and sprinkled a light dust on the wood tile floor : thus, easily find foot forensic ... smart huhh.   Tempted to sleep with shoes on but mom always remind me with big NO, NO boys.";
"I really enjoyed and comfortable stay at Bestwestern Mangga Dua Hotel, very helpful, the food is delicious, all staff friendly especially Diyani ( Front Desk )  and Room clean. The hotel has a big swimming pool for my daughters and me . overall is GREAT. The best of hotel in Mangga dua !! .  Big thanks for Best Western Mangga Dua Hotel, we will back for sure.";
"My husband, my ten months daughter, and I were staying here only for one night. The location is good for shopping at ITC Mangga dua and having some at Dufan, plus if you want to try the best seafood by the beach too. Checked in with Ms. Putri, which so professional and friendly. The room is very spacious and clean. Talking about the food, we went for breakfast, lunch, and dinner there. Every time we had food and drinks is always delicious. We tried the BEST pempek in Jakarta , and beef pindang, nasi tampan set, cost 88k. It's fantastic for all of us. I cannot how delicious the food was is just incredible in our mouth and tummy. We also went to the spa for a 1-hour massage, mba Alvi and tiffany had a magic hand. Our body was so relaxed and felt refreshed when it finishes. We had";
"I font have many word to describe but my atau was fantastic only some kind of food choice surround Is limit but surely they view room was wonderful definetely would come back again staying here .ah i prefer using grab hotel provide it";
"Great food available with many options, of fruits, Indonesian and other kind of food. Very helpful staff, especially Melinda that provided a great special coffee every morning! Thank you also for all the staff, that are very kind and gentle. Terima kasih!!";
"Sort of  old hotel situated nearby Pasar Baru.I like the atmospere of the hotel cosy and quite.Easy accessible for getting taxi and public transport.The breakfast is delicious and plenty of choices...Like  fried meehon and omelet the most.Room service is excellent.Check in and out are efficient especially when the front liner ninik is around.The tall doorman is so friendly hospitality.";
"We booked this hotel for my birthday because every site says it has a pool. First they tried to tell me there is no pool, only a jacuzzi. Then I showed them the photo and they said it is men only. They refused to give me a refund. No we have a hotel for 5 nights that does not allow women to use all the facilities.";
"We stayed there in this April for one night. Staff service was excellent, they were really helpful. specially Micheal and Ninik. They have free breakfast buffet with really delicious foods. I highly recommend this place.";
"Drinks are reasonable, Heineken beer will cost 125k including tax. Service is good  You get what you pay for It’s a good for one time visit  Ground floor, second floor and fifth floor has club  Second floor service is better. But beware of ladies drink.";
"The hotel located in Central Jakarta, near to Food district, i.e. Mangga Besar & Pecenongan.  Wide parking lot, various menu of breakfast, Proactive staff, and Complete nightlife entertainment (club, karaoke, lounge, spa, etc).  When many Travel search engine put this hotel with 4 star, I want to put only 3.5 star, cause some facility in this hotel slighly old. But overall, I want still to visit this hotel in the future.";