"We love to stay here. Everything was good and excellent. Huge room, clean bathroom, super friendly staff, best swimming pool in Jakarta with mini water park for kids and also greenery area is wonderful . Satoo is another best part of this hotel, the food was awesome, wide variety food available there, from east, west, asian, superb. We had breakfast in the restaurant and also dining in the room, both food and service are excellent.  During pandemic like this time, all aspect in this hotel very well maintained and their health protocol is Top. No worries to stay here.";
"I have stay on shangri-la Jakarta on 13 dec 2020. And their service was outstanding. I was book for 2 single bed room but at The time im check in. They Said The room was not ready. And They offered a King size bed with extra bed free of charge. And They even can to plan when to send a birthday cake to My birthday wife. At My stay They could remembered My name amazingly. Two of My kids also could get a breakfast free of charge.   The room spacious and very clean. Even when i need more amenities They send it right away.  I Will back to stay at shangri-la Jakarta for sure.  Kudos!";
"Really feel Safety with Covid19 protocol to enjoy delicious food.. Nice ambience Good service and good quality food Thank you for Mr Deddy and Chef Rizki Wijatmoko, Me and squad feels happy and special of your professional service   Anggun KCTS";
"Staycation here for two nights. The staffs were nice, adequately polite, from Front Desk to Gym staff and Housekeeping met in the hallway. Maybe little lack in one or two security staffs and restaurant staffs. Special thanks to Ms. Tiffany, Guest Relation Team that helped arranged nice anniversary kit in short notice. The health protocol was done since arrival at parking lobby. standard temp check, data registration during check in. Sanitizer and tissue provided everywhere. in the room, also provided small kit i.e. plastic glove, one mask, alcohol wipe, small sanitizer. wondering why only one mask since we were two. Room itself clean and nice. shower floor very slippery. the TV cable can use a better upgrade with more channel choices. the gym was like our own, only one or two";
"thank you Shangrila for the hospitality, especially Septi is very eager and super helpful. We love the experience here for the lunch. The employees Lina, Davi, Kuntoro and Rico were very heplful and sang a birthday song to our dearest friend Kevin. We love SATOO so much! Thanks!";
"Saturday lunch di Spectrum, such an amazing experience! The food(s) was really really goodddd✨✨   Protokol kesehatannya oke banget, ambience nya keren! Oh, don’t forget to meet Mrs. Ary, she’s very nice person! I’ll come back Spectrum!✨";
"Friendly staffs'  upgraded our room Ròom view was awesome can see green golf even in City Lounge view also great to the Stadion n green Forest. K22 bar offer welcome drink and mangnificent city skyline view. Food for dinner and bfast was great ' many varieties unlike other branded hotel which very limited";
"This hotel is located in a very scenic part of Jakarta, Senayan. Located next to the shopping mall. The Fairmont is a lovely hotel. All the staff are friendly and welcoming. The House Keeping is of a very high standard and efficient. Adi Maulana, from house keeping was exceptionally efficient, polite and professional. All the staff in the breakfast lounge were great as were the staff in the Gold Lounge and Bar K22 !!! No exceptions. Great place to stay.";
"Great food and service. Lots of different foods, Ary was very helpful and polite. She made sure everything was set for us. Highly recommend coming to this hotel, great facilities and rooms beautiful scene";
"Very good facilities, great room. Food is divine in spectrum and amazing service. Art was very helpful throughout my breakfast and made sure we were all good and set. 10/10 recommend eating here with the lovely food and staff";
"I really like Ascott Hotel Thamrin, because the location is very close to the Grand Mall of Indonesia, Thamrin City .. and the rooms are very very spacious.i will definitely come back with a different experience";
"i am very satisfied with my first experience staying in service apartment at jakarta ,very comfortable with complete service .the room is very big compare with a room hotel.the great location also make us happy staying here,,just walking cross to Grand Indonesia Mal and in the weekend morning we can enjoy free car day around";
"Overall it's good. The room was spacious, comfy and luxurious. It's an option to spend your quality time with your loved ones. Breakfast served late (maybe they were in high demand on that day) You can still order take out from the nearby restaurant if the offering menu does not meet your expectations. All activities were according to health protocol.";
"Excellent services Excellent location The apartment higher then my expectations  Staffs are very helpfull The rooms very clean  All hotel's facilities are great  I will be back and revisit for sure Check in and check out very easy";
"The service is great, they also provide all the necessities to make the guest feel comfortable during the stay, the interior is elegant and classy. The only 'problem' was the breakfast. Due to Covid-19, they only allow the guests to have their breakfast in their own room.";
"Clean & comfortable room. Delicious Food, Fast Wifi. Good view from will stay here again soon! Excellent hospitality services from all staff in Juno Hotel. Great and easy check in with Aldo as the receptionist. Thanks!!";
"What a good budget hotel, actually i like the concepts of this hotel, clean room and nice interior, and the staff are friendly. Housekeeping and Front office, thqnkyou Rifky for your hospitality and all staff! Ill be back soon.";
"This hotel is very good because it runs an integrated health protocol, starting from getting off the car you have to wash your hands and until the front of the lobby security has welcomed it by providing hand sanitizers and checking the temperature for check-in, it is also easy to help me by Mas Dwi and immediately given the view facing the road the room is also clean and the food is pretty good. price is very cheap";
"this is my first time staying here, the location is strategic especially if you like shopping, the protocol is also good, staff are friendly too, and for mas rizky who was given me a room with a view. my only advice is that cleanliness of the lift should be improved. thx juno";
"I had such a great experience in this Hotel, the staff is so aware and they support you with what you need very quickly. I am a vegan and they prepare special vegan food for me for breakfast. Also, I needed to buy something from Tokopedia Jessen the staff at the front desk help to translate and support me all the way of my purchase until I had it in my hands. I have never received such an amazing support service. I am glad I chose Juno as my place to stay.";
"The location of this hotel is in front of the biggest sport venue in Indonesia, Gelora Bung Karno. Some famous shopping center also located around this hotel, such as FX Sudirman, Plaza Senayan, and Senayan City. The hotel is old enough but still have elegant touch in every part. The staff so profesional and helpful. The room is cozy and big, around 40m2.";
"I stayed for 3 nights in this hotel. The hotel maintained a very well safety measure to prevent the spread of Covid-19. As a result of a recent lockdown impose in Jakarta, some of the services were suspended, for example there is no buffet breakfast, the breakfast will be delivered to your room every morning. The club lounge service was also suspended. The room service menu was cheap, but the choice were limited.   The room was cleaned on my 2nd night, in order to prevent close contact between guests and housekeeping staffs.   Despite all the limitation, the hotel tried to maintain the well quality service. They provide the Duty Manager hotline, so I can ask him anytime for assistance. The response was prompt.   Overall, I can say that the hotel was struggle to maintain quality,";
"I was stayed there for about 2 weeks for an events, i like the rooms, the food overall great but i was amazed by the services from the housekeeper named mr. Shandi and mr. Rahmat. Them both was super friendly yet helfull, our team was very thankfull for them for always ready like 24/7.  Cheers for Century Park Jakarta";
"Clean room, GBK nice view - next to Pintu 5, access to FX Mall,  nice staff, spacious room, nice rate, spacious bathroom, spacious parking area. Spacious lobby, nice Jakarta view. I picked this hotel to have an afternoon run in GBK";
"An old hotel in a great area. Its near GBK, malls, and business district, so its perfect for a business trip, you will easily find a place to eat and transportation. However, since its old, i suggest the management change the carpet";
"My best friend booked The Sultan Hotel & Residence Jakarta for our staycation. Incidentally that day, he was having a birthday.  Because I wanted to secretly surprise him, I contacted the FO, her name was Ms. Nurul. She really helped me in coordinating the plan to give this surprise. This includes allowing me to send gifts and birthday cakes using a courier service before we check in. The team was very helpful and friendly. Even the room was helped with decoration and gifts and cakes were immediately placed in the room as my request.  Upon check in, we were also given an upgrade to the Grand Deluxe Room. Our room was very spacious, clean, the bathroom was very comfortable and the room view was extraordinary (our room faced GBK, so both day and night the view of GBK was very";
"Cheked in by FO lady who like robot, no enggage just greeting and taping keyboard then say ur room being upgraded to grand deluxe with 4 compliment softdrink. Which is i founded just 3 can inside the minibar. Room # 1195 (the pool guy was enggage us better than trained FO)  Room were not to neat and tidy when we saw the pillow and sheet.  So many white stripes mosquitos on the outdoor area  Swimming pool are clean and crystal clear water.  Breakfast as a 5 Star Hotel you guys can do better than 4star hotel. Choose american breakfast but no one gave the toast we have to ask, and no one offering coffe or tea, we saw 4 black jacket staff standing in front empty buffet table doing nothing just chit chat with other fellows, if u guys will say lack of manning just push the 4black";
"Stayed in the Grand Deluxe Room for a night. The service was top notch. Love love love the bathroom and the view from the room. Headed to Sultan Pizzeria for dinner by the pool (must try!) and had delicious seafood marinara pizza and the tastiest linguine carbonara ever.  Also had a pleasant morning walk around the hotel and generous portion of breakfast! Definitely will comeback :)";
"I stayed for a night but it was definitely a breath of fresh air. The room was cozy, the food served were delicious, and the staff were warm-hearted and helpful. I especially loved spending my day and night at the pool - a picturesque green oasis literally in the middle of tall skyscrapers without hearing any traffic noises. All in all, my first staycation experience amidst the coronavirus pandemic was absolutely splendid!";
"I never stop loving Sultan! One of my favs since I was a kid! I love their spacy bedroom, and I can easily go out for a jog to GBK! I love their Rawon btw! Yumm yumm! And not to forget their new swimming pool! Best!!!!!❤️❤️❤️❤️ cant wait to be back!";
"Known this hotel from my friend, she told me that this hotel has a nice view for the rooftop on 6th floor and 11th floor.  They service never make me upset so far, especially for FO and HK, comfort and enjoy to stay here.";
"Room was good condition with clean n tidy but when i booked with traveloka, i requested queen size bed, but i got twin bed size, n then i asked to FO, they said queen size wasn't available but in traveloka still available, why reservation dept didn't close on OTA? But, Overall of this hotel is excellent";
"One of directions to staycation in Jakarta. Delicious meals, clean facilities and also the rooms are.                     Especially, friendly service provided by them. :) Strong recomended for you to staycation in Jakarta";
"Arrived late did not make the service went low. The hotel feels friendly and all staffs are helpful. The breakfast was nice with distancing service in place. Special thanks to the front office team who always at their best service. I’m going to come back to Jakarta next month, and will stay here again!";
"The room is quite clean, but I smell smoking odour in the whole room. I call the receptionist and ask for non-smoking room, yet he said all the urban superior room are used for smoking and no-smoking room. So there is no special room for no-smoking room which is very disappointed.  But, the foods are delicious with many variant in place. Don't miss the breakfast.  The swimming pool is quite relaxing.";
"I am Feel welcome start from security check by covid 19 protocol till enter the room. Classic wood themed is everywhere really. From lobby, resto, corridor, and end up into the room. Bathrobe, wow... One of unique in town, BATIK... And surprisingly they even provide stationary. which is I never see in anywhere before. Last but not list tqyu for valuable rate... One of recommended for me.";
"Kosenda is a small hotel actually, with a strategic location near Sarinah Thamrin and Sabang. The room is very cozy, the interior very unique, they designed like a student or profesional room. small, minimalist, you would feel like at your own room at your home.  There's also Awan lounge, and resto. It has delicious food.";
"Been here couple of time and totally and always come back for the room and rooftop awan lounge. Love it and totally nail, urban hotel. Food is great. Room is clean and bed is comfy. I love it and keep it up";
"Good food,good service, good location(walking distance to shopping malls and attractions),good price but the room is quite small.I’ll come back next time. I think that you guys should try this hotel. XD";
"I already came to this hotel years ago and glad to see it kept its standard of hospitality. I am quite a big fan of small boutique hotel with a lot of charm and this one is packed with it. Everything feels cosy and gives you the real feeling of being like at home. The restaurant is beautiful and the food is great. The bedrooms are not big but they feel really cosy and warm. The lounge at the top is a beautiful sky garden and the best place to relax at the end of the day with a drink. The service is great, super friendly staff. I will definitely stay again and recommend to anyone.";
"I got room at 6th floor, and the view at night so good. Staff are very nice, pool is good, the location nearby Grand Indonesia & Tanah Abang. overall I love to stay here, maybe will be back next time!";
"Millennium Hotel Sirih, a four-star deluxe, has a vast building. The hotel is well maintained the staff is friendly and helpful. The room looks good, and the bathroom is clean, and this is important. They also support the safety protocols, and the swimming pool is used for several people with a limitation time of around 1 hour for each person. And a suggestion from me to improve the Hotel amenity, thank you";
"Next please dont put me on 13th floor, because my little girl saw shadow in the room, and she is crying and want to going down. She is scare and finally she is going down with her mother to report to duty manager on the lobby.";
"Booked this hotel because from the flash sale of an online travel ecommerce. The protocol was being applied. The security checked our body temperature. The front office staff aren't really friendly, but they were very clear on telling the regulation and hotels details. the old vibes are very strong felt in the elevator, the keycard was'nt for tapped, instead we needed to slide inside the machine. The room is good, very clean, no strange odor. The bathroom is okay, the amenities just okay. At that time, the kids were disappointed because the pool was closed. According to the staff, it was closed due to Covid-19. So we were just spending the time at the room.";
"I have been to quite a few countries, But Jakarta Mulliuen Hotel was impressive with the Hospitality was outstanding with Service the meet more than my expectations, The Front Team was superb in my service to get a shoe, Shopping for friends and restaurants and taxi and moped usage, every time I left my room which was cleaned with lemongrass and the Hallways also. they asked about a breakfast upgrade and Cocktail event each day was divine! God Bless  all of them!!";
"Location is amazing.Only few minutes from Grand Indonesia and Plaza Indonesia. Only 2min from metro station. Hotel staff is very polite specially at front desk. It was quick check in no waiting at all. Room was very comfortable,only comment regarding the view. Very clean and spacious enough. Breakfast  nice and fresh. I reccomend this property.It is real value for money.";
"Stayed here by myself for a night. Check in was quick, the quickest I've ever experienced. Room was small but warm and didn't feel packed at all. Bed was comfortable, but the pillows were STINKY. I can guarantee that it's not me, because";
"We are arrived around 12 PM, and we can check in on that time without waiting till 3PM. Thanks to Shella in the reception for your kind help! They still keeping the protocol to keep the distance and hygiene";
"i really had high hopes with this hotel. i mean look at all their pictures! blue, bright and inviting! turns out it was not that great experience.  i checked in there around 4pm, being asked whether i wanted a twin or a double. i picked double room when bought the voucher, why bother asking me again? anyways, i was told only smoking room left for double. i was like, its okay, it wouldnt be that bad.  it was that bad.  the second i stepped out of the lift, i could smell the smoke terribly fill up the hallway. when i entered the room, it was totally humid, and full of secondhand smoke.   the blue carpet was a tad wet. the AC was already on but it didnt breath fresh air. i was thinking it will take times.   the bathroom was okay. took a shower. the shower was horsepower not";
"Great stay, very helpful staff - Fajar! Recommended. Good location in the center of Jakarta. Near to many shopping center, MRT stations, restaurants, etc. Reasonable price in thamrin area. Keep the good work!";
"I really like the location of this hotel. Very strategic, close to the airport train, MRT and CL.  The staff is very friendly and very helpful. I stayed in the thematic junior suite room. The room is very comfortable. I really like the aromatherapy which makes the room always smell good.  Skyloft restaurant is very comfortable, the food is also delicious. The atmosphere at night is very beautiful with a city view.";
"Rest and dine at all seasons very much WORTH IT! Moreover, the service of the Banquet/Restaurant staff, Mas Rofiq, is very friendly and warm.  as well as the Chef on duty at night, received complaints well and educated the kinds of broths used, plus were given delicious complimentary gifts.   One that needs to be IMPROVED ... the room sheets and blankets need to be repaired because they are torn and not suitable, some look old.";
"The location of this hotel are magnificent. Near convenient transit point in Jakarta, which include MRT station, Commuter Line Station, Airport Railink Station & BRT Bus Shelter. They also offer great Jakarta's downtown view. The check-in & security check during the pandemic was fast & appreciated. The hospitality are something we whould appraise as well. The only dissapointment we got is the bedroom was a bit dirty, especially the window and floor part. We have toddler so we are pretty much well-detailed about this one. The rooftop restaurant is the highlight of this hotel.";
"This is my second visit in this hotel and i am happy this time. Some shortfalls happening during my stay which regarding to room type and room set up + cleanliness but it was rectified immediately by Bunga/MOD on that day.. Many thanks to you, we will be back again next time.. :)";
"We had a pleasant stay at All Seasons, because it is very convenient to the MRT Jakarta (very close), KA Bandara / Airport Railink and KRL Commuter Line, and Blora tunnel, a place with mural and fascinating lighting.  Staff were polite and helpful, social distancing applied. The room is bit small, toilet doesnt have wall, but seperated between shower room and toilet room. Double bed is bit narrow. (I suggest you to ask the view to Sudirman)   Breakfast is in the room, delivered by staff from restaurant because COVID19, I order some sunny side up egg and bread, a little glass of juice and water. Just average taste.  Parking lot is not huge, and the elevator is not working at the moment so you must take a stair to lobby, hopefully All Seasons will turn on the elevator/lift right";
"We stayed at bright room for four days. The corner room view was excellent, view from above jalan sudirman . The room is clean. The hotel in very good location, close to the shopping mall, gelora bung karno. Breakfast was nice with a lot of choice and hot drinks. Definitely will stay at this hotel again when need a room in jakarta.";
"At first i disappointed with their service due when i come to check in around 2.15 PM, the room wasn't ready and i need to wait until 3.30 PM to get my room ready. And the reception also informed that the facility like pool and gym was closed due the pandemic. After waited for more than 1 hours i got my room and the room was spacious and modern facing the sudirman street, semanggi and senayan. My room on 47th floor. And i really love the room because full of glasses. In the next day i run to GBK stadium, and after that i ask the reception is it possible to see the pool, she said yes but the pool was closed but when i arrived at pool, the pool is open there are other guess swimming and i asked the pool staff he said the pool is open. Whaaattt??? How come reception misinformed";
"I stayed here during the pandemic. I love the fact that the bedsheets are replaced daily and the room is wiped thoroughly. The towels were also replaced daily. In addition the restaurants in the mall downstairs are starting to open which is really convenient so no need to go far away to look for snacks and meals.";
"NEVER STAY HERE. Almost $100 for tiny rooms, inedible breakfast, dirty small pool, hot smelly gym, etc. The location may seem good when you book but wait until 5am on a Sunday morning when they are loud alarms and bands and screaming on the street outside. You will not get any sleep at this hotel.";
"I have booked a lot of stays for my business trips in Jakarta with Harris Suites fX Sudirman and fortunately I can safely say that they keep improving themselves in terms of room condition and services. The two topmost floors now have better rooms (e.g. multiple international electric plugs, better interior visual, better internet connection) and now they have massage service as well. That being said, the primary reason for me to often book here is the location.  However, there are some things they need to give more attention. The first one is that the "Pay at hotel (Credit Card guaranteed)" payment option when you book via their website is occasionally gone. The second one is that their Simple Business Package oddly only available for Harris Room type and the Harris Bright room";
"Room is super clean and neat, bathroom is awesome, tons of tv channel options, cafe upstairs with plenty of delicacies , and i personally love the room design! 100% would go back to this hotel in the future!  Of course, Receptionist are nice and helpful too!";
"Here for staycation and overall satisfied with the room and facilities. The room is clean and cold. The only thing lacking is the room is not soundproof. This hotel also have a rooftop cafe with the view of Jakarta 👍";
"It's a very nice and pleasant budget place, with a rooftop cafe with great city view! Overall very satisfied with this hotel. The staffs are friendly and helpful!! Shower is great with strong current and hot water";
"Booked a superior room with a pretty good outdoor view. Got a good indulgence with their lovely-packaged amenities and all.  The staffs were nice and quite informative of the area or facilities, however one small setback the floors were not too clean and some of the interiors were a bit dusty. Highly appreciate it if the management could look into the hygiene problem because it can be quite inconvenient.";
"This hotel has four floors with the following explanation: - Total Rooms: 33 Rooms (21 Superior Rooms, 08 Deluxe Rooms, 02 Premier One Bed Suite & 02 Sawana Suites Rooms) - 1st floor there is a Reception, Meeting Room, Swimming Pool located behind the Reception and several guest rooms - Floors 2 & 3 are all rooms for guests - Floor 4 there are several rooms for guests and the Upstairs Cafe open from 06:30 to 10:00 for breakfast time for guests staying at this hotel then open for public on 10:00 to 24:00  According to our experience while staying at this hotel are: * First, we felt that the hotel staff service was very friendly, because when we checked in we got a room on the 2nd floor where the room was quite dirty in our opinion. Then we tried contacting the receptionist to ask";
"Been staying here for several times. Strategically located, new hotel with instagrammable interior, delicious food, and amazing staffs! Will definitely bring my family and relatives to stay here after the pandemic.";
"Service: 10/10 Stayed here to celebrate my anniversary with my fiancé. One day before check-in i asked them if they could decor my room and they said they could help display our pictures on TV and a pair of towel swan on our bed. They also gave us a fruit platter!!! Their check in time is at 2 pm, however i got there early and luckily our room was ready by then. I was so happy because i needed to put my surprise gift for my fiancé and some artifical rose petals as decoration. Special thanks to Miss Jessyca, she was very helpful and lovely.   Food: 6/10 We ordered nasi goreng kampung and omelette for breakfast. However they got our order wrong. Instead of nasi goreng kampung, they gave us nasi goreng oriental. Both fried rice and omelette were cold. Would have tasted better if";
"Stayed here for short vacation to Jakarta. The room was very clean and completed also with huge smart screen. You can also order tasty and variety in room breakfast, since the local government close the all dinning services and only serve the takeaway foods and drinks. Thanks Bu Dayu, Deo, Steve and everyone at Ibis Styles Jakarta Tanah Abang. Definitely will comeback to this hotel.";
"My husband and I were staying at this hotel because quite near to our house. We need one night staycation apart from babies and work. When we checked in, the security welcomed us and helped us with the luggage. He checked our temperature and reminded us to use hand sanitizer placed at the entrance before entering the main door. When we checked in, I need to fill up the declaration COVID 19 form (awesome !). We booked a superior room, and the room has a lot of space, very clean (important!!), and the room's design is very lovely. Very instagramable in every corner of this hotel. We ordered room service for dinner, and we could see the menu from the TV or the barcode place at our bedside (high technology). We ordered Nasi goreng gila, and ayam geprek. Oh man that so delicious and";
"This hotel’s location was good, and provide bus service to biggest mall in jakarta. Room very clean and comfort. Service also a point why I stay here, warmest welcome from checkin to checkout. I have ordered some foods its taste great with affordable price. Overall satisfied!";
"Had a wonderful stay there. Nice staffs especially the man at the reception(sorry forgot his name). Breakfast included. Nice room and bed. On a main road. Nice location. Facilities nearby. Shopping malls near.";
"Hotel looks convy but unfortunately all tv channels were blank and there was no entertainment in the room, after giving this information,regrettably all tv were blank in all hotel's room, no one can fix this issue. Male Reception was not so helpful and looks like no emphaty also, very bad experience.";
"I have a huge expectation with this hotel because, first it located on “golden route” sarinah & tanah abang, side to side with holiday inn and kosenda which is good hotel, and have a higher rate than juno hotel that already have a good room. But when i went there i was disappointed. The room is dirty that makes me request to change the room. And the new room only made a bit difference. The room wall is so dirty, broken closet and the linen is not clean. The only good thing about this hotel is only it’s location.";
"The service is quick and simple for reception. Clean and friendly staff for services. Recomended hotel for staying a view days in center city. We hope will be back again. Biggest mall in thamrin nearest by the hotel just walk";
"Amazing hotel and good staff for first stay at this hotel. Location is strategic for holiday in the city. Room is cozy decoration and restaurant. Simple hotel and quick check in. The area food many departement store sarinah and tanah abang";