"Having stay for a night and mba Dwi Meiyani helping me to get a room as soon as possible. The room is clean and comfortable. This is not my first time being here. Thanks for the service it was wonderful.";
"Sangat menyenangkan menginap disini, staff was helfull and friendly. Room was clean and tidy. Breakfast also was good. Location near to stasiun and mall central park, mall taman anggrek, and ciputra..";
"Nothing can describe how comfortable this hotel. We cannot use plastic at all. There is a cattle and we can refill it at the floor corridor. Amazingly, the room with suitable living room is so nice. The cleanliness is great enough. I highly recommend this hotel if you want to have a great view in the center of big city. 👍🏻";
"Kamarnya Nyaman, bersih, wangi. Untuk sarapan enak dan bervariasi untuk sekelas sarapan hotel budget. Receptionistnya friendly dan helfull dengan mba Ai. Really enjoy stay here with good and warm service. Will come back if i come daan mogot.   Thank ibis budget daan mogot";
"The first time stay at Ibis Budget Daan Mogot sangat nice have staff friendly and charming .Check in with Mba Dwi very fast .Near to station buat saya pribadi recommended buat stay.Kamar walaupun kecil tapi cukup bersih . Bravo for ibis budget daan mogot deh pokoknya 😘😘";
"You will not believe to find this luxurious hotel among the hustle bustle south Jakarta area. You will find peaceful mind and grab the traditional atmosphere in luxurious way. Try the spa to complete your stay in here. Your stomach will full of east meets west cuisine in your breakfast, right after you will leave the hotel.";
"I love everything about this hotel and I bet all of you will do so! serene ambience, lots of greenery, spacious room and bathroom, delicious foods, great hospitality.  everything's just so perfect that makes you don't wanna leave this beautiful place.";
"Was booked in this hotel for one night in the middle of a business trip and my only regret is that it was too short to confirm the good impression given mainly by the smiling and helpful staff. Breakfast buffet was plentiful and the room, colonial style, was comfy. Apparently a bit on the outskirts of Jakarta the surroundings looked quite green. Did not put 5 stars just because I had no time to really check the hotel by using all its facilities.";
"Stay here 2 nites. Staffs are very polite, smiling greetings all the time. Address your concerned. Is a very relaxing place to stay. You don have to go anywhere, just stay in the hotel is good enough. The food is delicious. The security is good, feel safe.";
"We didn't stay here, but were treated to a massage followed by high tea. Both were wonderful! If visiting Jakarta again, I would definitely stay here. The hotel's public areas and the pool looked great, and I suspect this is a good clue to the guest rooms and service.";
"The staff at the hotel were very helpful and they provide the extra service requested.  Breakfast however need to be improved, selection was not as much as expected. It might be due to the health protocol put in place during the Covid-19 pandemic and on weekday as well.  Overall was satisfied with the service and food provided during the stay";
"Yesterday i was stay at this hotel to feel how Jakarta five stars hotel service ( i was stay in shangri-la Jakarta before move to mulia hotel ). And when i going to check in. Which it i put notes on My booking that i need 2 single bed and to celebrate My wife birthday. But The front Office Said that two single bed room is full. Then he offer me to upgrade to grandeur with extra money. Im ok because i need 2 single bed to cater me and My kids. And The hotel never remember that My wife is birthday on that day, even The have acknowledge My notes before.  And because of My book have check in guarantee, Today i tried to claim that My check in didnt going like what i need.  And The story begin “ The hotel answered that They could provide what i need, but i requested an upgrade”   What";
"i staycation at splendor room, the room very satisfied, spacious room with complete room facilities. I stay with my 2 kids, their very happy. unfortunately when we got the breakfast, my children age 7years old have to paid, their charged omelete (expensive charge). very sad and make me dissapointed. Why the luxury hotel must be like that? does the hotel feel that it is a loss to provide breakfast to children, my child not eat to much in the morning. bad";
"Stay here to celebrate my wife birthday, during strict PSBB. The hotel looks so deserted. Only few of guests. We were enjoyed the swimming pool and the spacious room. The breakfast was very limited, only nasi goreng and nasi lemak with some pastries and fruits. It wasn't not as I expected. It's location just opposite of Gelora Bung Karno, made it easier for us to did some workouts there.";
"I stayed this october during long holiday in Mulia Hotel with their special rates (promo). We highly appreciate for they arrangement, because they prepared good decoration for our wedding anniversary, and we really love the decoration and its cake.   However, we bit dissapointed with Breakfast in this hotel. They provided so ordinary choice of the breakfast. It didn’t represent breakfast of Five Star / Prestigious Hotel in Jakarta. Very limited option. I realize that i stay in this hotel with promotional rates, but i didn’t expect the service on their breakfast is dissapointed.   Previously, during pandemic, i also stayed in another hotel in Bandung. Let compare it with Trans Luxury Hotel Bandung. I didn’t know, if it’s comparable / peer to peer hotel or not, but in my opinion";
"We stayed only for one night but the service was outstanding, we were able to have a late check-out without paying extra. The hotel has direct access to the mall. Rooms are clean and nice. I was underestimate with this hotel but actually it was beyond my expectations. Definitely will come back for another stay. My room was upgraded by mr oke at front desk he was really nice once again thank you";
"On last week end on Nov'20, I check in a standard room at Ciputra, with price around 600k at that time. I got excellent services the front desk informed me that my room was upgraded to an executive room in 1625, the second highest level at the hotel. During pandemic, the room is sealed once already sanitized. And once entering the room, every thing is clean and tidy. With all compliments inside like Dilmah tea, Nescafe, mineral water that can be ask any time and free of charged.   The foodies that can be delivered to the swimming pool at pulau bar & V posture gym/sauna are my favorite things to enjoy. I recommend to try some menu like Nasi goreng, Rawon, Mushroom cream soup 🍲. All the menus are very affordable for a four star hotel 🏨 at the center of Jakarta capital.. For sure";
"Fun vacation for our family at 21st wedding Anniversary ❤️ the room was good, clean, and the facilities were excellent! The location is located near the mall and public transportation. Hope next year we can came again.";
"i came for business, this hotel very comfortable for us with the service and hospitality from all staff, the location also very strategic, close to airport and shopping mall. food many variants and tasty. will come back for sure. thanks to mba lina and team.";
"in this pandemic choosing best accomodation for staycation is 1 of my concern. But when i came in this hotel for staycation with my baby i feel save and comfy^^  Great service, Humble staff, Safety measure when cek in, sanitize room service, Breakfast in room service, good wifi, AC was cold fast, hot water, comfy bed and free parking ^^  i feel safety and comfy with all of that service ^^ thank you see you next staycation ^^";
"This is my first stay here during pandemic. I can understand that they make some adjustments like in the breakfast and some other services. Some facilities were geting more limited but their effort to continously provide the best services is apreciated.  The room was still clean and well arranged. The food were also great although there was no buffet but their fast service especially in the breakfast time did not let me down.  Some staffs like Marisha and Ricardo were quick and caring. They also sanitize the table and chair first. Beside the room which were profesionally arranged by Ari, Lidya and Pamela, Bunk was always my favorite. I always love the coffee. Endang and Ikbal were also caring  and also ask if I need anything else. Thanks for take away coffe to accompany me";
"Impressions of the room, great, it has a different layout and that makes the room feels  spacier and modern. Great sanitation, the All Safe standard is high and it feels clean and safe, hand sanitizers at every elevator, inside and outside of it. Waiter brings you hand sanitizer after contact.   My biggest concern is the food, it makes no effort whatsoever to even compete with the surroundings eating places at Central Park. It's a sub par food, came cold, and the meat was dry. The exorbitant price of 160.000++ for a meek of 8 pieces of satay is ridiculous. It's even more expensive compared to the sister hotel a Five Star, Pullman Vimala Hills Ciawi, at a much much lower quality of food.   Second concern is the in room TV, small and very old. The pictures are grainy too. It makes";
"Stayed there for a short staycation with my girlfrienda. What a nice ambience, unique decoration, never thought I am in the middle of crowded city when I am inside the hotel. Looking forward to next stay!";
"We checking in on 11 December 2020, for stay cation for 2 nights, witg Accor Plus member reception know nothing about member benefits, but we have a perfect stay with nice room perfect views, and next door for shopping malls, we booking for exclusive lounge, but they move services to next from reception, with so kind and professional services from miss. Jasmine, if we come back to stay here again, will be because of Jasmine her best service.";
"Definitely one of the most enjoyable stay I've done really like the room abd the bed was extremely comfortable their cocktail was on point ☺ I love their cocktail and the breakfast was tasty not to mention the warm welcome by Mrs Lidiya, they certainly make my 1 day short escape feels great! Not to mention they prepare why request for birthday cake thank you Mrs Lidiya for your hospitality. 🥰";
"I was stay with my wife last month It was really nice stay room was clean breakfast not bad would be recommend for business and staycation staff are friendly and helpful definetly will comeback for another stayyyy.";
"ASTON Kartika Grogol Hotel & Conference Center Jl. Kyai Tapa No.101, RT.6/RW.16, Tomang, Kec. Grogol petamburan, Kota Jakarta Barat, Daerah Khusus Ibukota Jakarta 11440 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- This hotel has 25th floors with the following explanation:  - Total Rooms: 188 Rooms (67 Superior Rooms with 27sqm, 96 Deluxe Rooms with 27sqm, 25 Suite Rooms with 54sqm & 1 President Suite Room with 108sqm) - L floor there is a Receptionist  - 3rd Floor there is a Swimming Pool, Fitness Center and Rasamala Grand Ballroom  - 5th Floor there is some Anyelir & Edelweiss Meeting Room";
"Nice place, nice location and very comfort place......  Overall stay was very pleasant. Service is excellent, specially Mr. Widi took very good care and excellent behavior.  Would love to come again.!...";
"Very satisfied with the hotel and also with the services. Very good location in middel town. My family are so happy with room experience. The suite room are so great for my family. I will booking the hotel again";
"First when I arrived, Mr. Riza is very friendly and helpful to assist my things and check in was smooth. I was staying at 1505 and the room was clean and comfortable. The breakfast by the pool was extremely fantastic, you can enjoy the view from there! However, more variety on breakfast will be a good point to be added. Unfortunately I had no chance to enjoy their gym and pool. Overall, it was a perfect stay and wonderful experience. Definitely will be back soon!";
"We stayed in Harris Hotel Tebet, the Suite Room was spacious and really neat. The staffs were very helpful and they really pay attention on safety protocols. Nice swimming pool and  overall facilities are really goods and have many instagram-able spots. The breakfast, Lunch and Dinner was vary and tasted good.   Special thanks to Priska, she was very attentive and helpful during our stay. It was wonderful experience.";
"I stayed 7 days at Harris Tebet Jakarta and the health protocols are running properly at this hotel, it's good to maintain it and during the meeting it goes well and is responsive when you need anything from F & B.  for service in the room, it is very satisfying from housekeeping and the best from cleaning service that I have considered a friend, bli ADI is very responsive and understands what I want to set up my bed and make me comfortable while staying here.  Thank you Harris Tebet, warm greetings from Bali.";
"I stayed 2 night with my kids, they were really happy to enjoy swimming at the HARRIS swimming pool. The food also good. However, the internet connection was very low , I think because we stayed at 8 level.";
"I chose Harris because of its location. And I do believe that I could stay, wfh and rest peacefully. Unfortunately the other guests didn't respect it. Most of the time, the other guests next door can't keep their voice low and even laughing in the corridor. For the staff, when the guest put "don't disturb" tag, means that: please don't even make any noice in front of the room, beside not knocking on the door.   During this pandemic situation, hope Harris also more strict to people who wanted to visit the guest. Prescreening point in the front of the door needs to be lift up by putting also disinfectant for the shoes  For food quality, I was disappointed. For someone who needs to stay still in the room, and no choices to order from outside, you must be very patient till your end";
"I had a business meeting in Harris Hotel Tebet yesterday. every detailed they offered to me was beyond expectation. their service was awesome, food also very delicious. i managed my reservation 1 week before my schedule and their banquet manager Ms. Ardina is treat us very well. eventough there were pandemic, they had a very strict healthy regulation that makes me and all of my staff feel safe.";
"My best friend booked The Sultan Hotel & Residence Jakarta for our staycation. Incidentally that day, he was having a birthday.  Because I wanted to secretly surprise him, I contacted the FO, her name was Ms. Nurul. She really helped me in coordinating the plan to give this surprise. This includes allowing me to send gifts and birthday cakes using a courier service before we check in. The team was very helpful and friendly. Even the room was helped with decoration and gifts and cakes were immediately placed in the room as my request.  Upon check in, we were also given an upgrade to the Grand Deluxe Room. Our room was very spacious, clean, the bathroom was very comfortable and the room view was extraordinary (our room faced GBK, so both day and night the view of GBK was very";
"Cheked in by FO lady who like robot, no enggage just greeting and taping keyboard then say ur room being upgraded to grand deluxe with 4 compliment softdrink. Which is i founded just 3 can inside the minibar. Room # 1195 (the pool guy was enggage us better than trained FO)  Room were not to neat and tidy when we saw the pillow and sheet.  So many white stripes mosquitos on the outdoor area  Swimming pool are clean and crystal clear water.  Breakfast as a 5 Star Hotel you guys can do better than 4star hotel. Choose american breakfast but no one gave the toast we have to ask, and no one offering coffe or tea, we saw 4 black jacket staff standing in front empty buffet table doing nothing just chit chat with other fellows, if u guys will say lack of manning just push the 4black";
"Stayed in the Grand Deluxe Room for a night. The service was top notch. Love love love the bathroom and the view from the room. Headed to Sultan Pizzeria for dinner by the pool (must try!) and had delicious seafood marinara pizza and the tastiest linguine carbonara ever.  Also had a pleasant morning walk around the hotel and generous portion of breakfast! Definitely will comeback :)";
"I stayed for a night but it was definitely a breath of fresh air. The room was cozy, the food served were delicious, and the staff were warm-hearted and helpful. I especially loved spending my day and night at the pool - a picturesque green oasis literally in the middle of tall skyscrapers without hearing any traffic noises. All in all, my first staycation experience amidst the coronavirus pandemic was absolutely splendid!";
"I never stop loving Sultan! One of my favs since I was a kid! I love their spacy bedroom, and I can easily go out for a jog to GBK! I love their Rawon btw! Yumm yumm! And not to forget their new swimming pool! Best!!!!!❤️❤️❤️❤️ cant wait to be back!";
"The location of this hotel is in one of the busy road in West Jakarta. During pandemi, they only open for one floor and smoking room. But the room not too smelly. The room not so big, but the interior is good enough and clean. They closed all the public facilities such as bar, gym, and swimming pool. The lobby looked like an empty hotel, they turn off the aircon at the lobby and and need morr lighting (too dark). The carpet in the room is so old and not clean enough.";
"I stayed there for new year. They had this "new year pajamas party" package so we took it. The room was nice, we asked for high floor and they provided that. It has a really big window giving us a really nice view on the city. The food in that party was so nice too! My favorite was the beef wellington. However, that night was raining so heavily (it was the the night before Jakarta had a really terrible flood). And in the morning, we realize that our room was dripping wet. There was a leak on the ceiling. We complained about it when we had breakfast, but it seems like even after the breakfast, that situation hasn't been handled and now the floor is even wetter.  Check out was a chaos too. The elevator didn't work so we had to use the stair (and remember I told you that we have a";
"I stayed in Grand Tjokro with my husband and also to visit my family in Jakarta. I would like to say that it’s a great hotel and strategic location. Overall great food and comfy room. I would also like to thank you Rina  for her warm hospitality and also her time to accommodated my requests. I would love to see her again when I visit in the future !";
"I have stayed in this hotel for more than 20 times.  Overall things are ok, and breakfasts are always exceptional  A big no-no about rooms with  the number of ×08, ×10, ×12 of every floors as they are very noisy from the AC blower.  Feel the sensation of sleeping next to a running powerful generator.  The humming noise is very loud and unbearable. In fact it is 03:02AM now and I still wide awake from the noise.  Was in room 908, complained, moved to 912.  No difference!";
"Breakfast and lunch is so good, the location is strategic with superindo next to the hotel you can find anything you need. Your front desk staff Dea went extra mile to assist me and with a sincere smile and good hospitality. I will definitely share with my friends to stay in your hotel if they were to visit / work related .";
"I just visited this night to meet my friend who stayed in this hotel. Honestly, I not stayed yet however I have bad experience with their staff especially the security guards. I don’t know what happen there or the sop for them but I think what happened to me as their guest were rude. My friend and I were came to the hotel with a car and driver, from the beginning the security guard give us a kinda rude attitude, without any clear instruction to enter the main gate and do the security check. We still ok with that. Then, we have to wait about one hour and half at the lobby. And for the first time, I felt so annoyed with the security guard. He was walked around us and looked curious and annoyed with us. As my experiences, we can meet someone at the lobby, right? Even we can talk";
"Located at Central Jakarta, Lumire is a perfect location to those who have a working purpose around this area : meeting a collegue, attending a seminar, or even a short getaway. As I believe, a new inspiration sometimes comes from a a right place at a right time. . The room itself is 37sqm sized, completed with a kingsize bed, a working desk and a bathtub. If you ask me what is my favourite? Nothing else than the view of the iconic National Monument from my room window and an easily accessible shopping mall by walking. Love it!";
"very nice older hotel,good location next to mall and was quiet,breakfast was good so was the coffee.rooms are nice with big bathroom with bath tub, standing shower with lots of power too with lots of hot water, will stay there again.";
"check in at peak hour on holiday season.. it takes quite long time to get the key room (still on cleaned up) & my baby get cranky want to change diaper, so the staff give us any available room while waiting. really appreciate it. the room was clean & spacy.and a walk distance to atrium plaza mall.";
"this is our second time visited and still we feel just satisfied with this hotel. Keep a good work and maintain this hotel services as well as cleanliness. Ps. breakfast had various of menu but were the same day by day, but it's not a problem at all";
"This hotel actually not even old, it was only opened in 2013, but I felt like I’m staying in very old hotel. Not cheap either, around £15-£20 a night. From the outside the building looks alright but the inside was kind of disappointing. The bathroom was unbelievable, it looked like it never been deep cleaned for ages! The shower worked funny and obvious never been taken care of, the drains weren’t really work and make it flooded, the same with the sink drain as well. The TV was very small like a computer screen but it wasn’t a big deal. Bed linens are washed but yellowish and worn out, the same with the towels.  The worst part was, I called the receptionist to clean my room but it never came.  Dear Amaris, please take a annual maintenance for your business. It could be better.";
"such a great place to rest from a long day meeting. Peacefull place. And , there is any hot tea and coffe at night ! GOOD JOB ! I have been 3 days in there, and nothing dissapoint me. The bathroom is clean . Thats all !";
"I used the meeting room for our company training and I felt facilitated well by the helpful staffs. The meal was ok, the room was maintained well. Only the parking area was too small, so if you bring your car, you might need to park outside the hotel.";
"Well... price not worth for it !!! Small & smelly room and bathroom, dusty linen, noisy side the window (construction)..  Funny and bad hot water tap in small bathroom.. keep sounding when we use it with abnormal rhytme.";
"Good room for stay, bed linen not white anymore, great room cleaning, no coffee or teh in room,  nice bathroom,  not with shampoo and soap,  hot shower unstable,  less variation for breakfast,  entry lobby in 2nd floor by lift,  around area with lot of food option.";
"Staycation here with fams. A bit crowded for the visitors. Front desk a bit slow as only 2 staffs handled so many visitors. Overall it is a clean hotel. It more likely Apartment. I take Bussiness room. Got a kitchen, living room, bedroom, walk in closet and bath room (using bathup). Staff kind and helpfull. The plus point for me is the swimming pool area. For a little kids can play in the sand pool without worrying get drown. Food and beverages taste good. But it is a bit shame when breakfast time in resto, the staff is not fast response to re-stock the food / cutlery. There also a taxi pool for pax who don't bring vehicles.";
"The best place for staycation in Jakarta area.   Kids love the giant pool and the sandy man-made beach.  Strategic location near the mall. Fast wifi.  Dusty floors when we first check in. Dim lighting, old furniture. The breakfast crew service and the food taste need to be improved.   Many food stalls were emptied during bfast time. The refill time took so long. The spring bed was not so comfortable, and the pillows were so big but hard, useless. Lucky we brought additional pillows from home, otherwise we couldn't sleep well during our stay.  Anyways, compare to its spacious room size and the price, it's so value for money.";
"I stayed for 1 night only, with my parents. The room was a bit old (room no : 703) but clean. Shower at the bathroom has a problem. During breakfast,  some of the menu was empty and took so long for the staff to refill.  The most disappointing part was the receptionist never inform us, if we bring a car, we need to get a stamp from the receptionist, so it will be free during check out. I found this problem, when I was in front of the check out gate, and the security guard inform me,I need to pay IDR 40,000 for the parking fee, but If I were a guest hotel, I can make it free if I had a hotel stamp on my parking ticket. Too bad that I received this important info at the very late time and circumstances. It is not possible for me to move backwards, due to so many cars behind me. I";
"this afternoon me and my friend was check in , first experience bad service hotel i ever have, from payment (supposed to be flexible , i already told the fda that my friend who willing to pay using their credit card) die booking under my friend, but fda asking more than 3 times about this and their explanation is not clear enough ,  as i know payment settlement due upon checking out (already put my cc anyway)but they want do payment upon checking in.   other than this im asking for mineral water , they said they will charge (oh so upsett) idk bcz this is just local hotel or what but believe me u better go for international hotel (price is good as well) and they will give u additional complimentary.  the most important is hotel cleanliness (two bedroom) is very dirty, old room,";
"Very spacious hotel room, it’s more likely a furnished apartment only the furniture looked a bit worn out, need to be renovated. However, when I booked for non-smoking room, but everytime we enter the room, I sensed smokey air inside. Perhaps the previous guest smoked there.  Cool AC in 1 room but not cool AC in living room and the other room, but after telling the housekeeping about the problem, the engineer fixed the master bedroom AC and it was so cool. Thank God for that so we had decent sleep, apart of the too bouncy spring bed (I’d personally prefer the harder ones).  Basically we love the pools and the room, also its strategic location (in walking distance to Citraland mall). However, the breakfast time was below expectancy. It took very long time in egg station and get";
"I stayed at this hotel several time I came to Jakarta, why? this hotel in the strategic area, near to Trans Jakarta Station, near to 4 big malls and near to airport, the staff is nice.  but... my last experience is different. where is your nice hospitality?  I called to remind them that I want the high floor and have window room (as I usually do when I checked in to this hotel) and the staff is not that nice. I said to block the room since we about to come to the hotel. he said 'we cannot, because we still waiting if the existing guest want to extend or not' what an excuses.  when I arrived to the hotel (in the evening), the staff is not even smile (check the cctv if you have it ^^)  when I entered the room, the smell is really bad. I called the FO and she said 'you asking the";
"They didn't changed the bedcover, pillow cases. There are alot of black stains in the bedcover and the pillowcases are wrinkled, means it is already used several times! The hangers all are rusty also.";
"I booked two room in the hotel because it was near my venue, unfortunately one of the room was have a bad smell. Very dissapointed and we have to find another hotel because the hotel was fully booked.";
"Staying here 3 times because of their best location.  If I have an early flight, I prefer to stay here, even it is not that close to the airport. Many food stalls around. Easy to get many kinds of transportation. Quick check in/out.  Need to prioritize the cleanliness issue.";
"I've stayed here several times because the location suits me fine. This time, however, I have some negative reviews. Even though I made a booking, the reception only gave me a room at 4:00pm. Totally unacceptable. And this time the room was not as clean as before. Complacency has set in. Management should act.";
"Very reasonable price (often found very cheap rate online), near shopping mall, tasty food at the Warung Big Buddy, warm and helpfull staff. Last, implementation of the Covid-19 Health Protocol is good.  Made review videos about Maple Hotel Grogol and the resto, Warung Big Buddy. Go to Youtube Channel MUTER TERUS for more detail and visuals (video in Bahasa [Indonesian]).";
"Stayed for 1 night (29 sept - 30 sept) cause air conditioner in our house is under maintenance and have a lil baby, so we decided to stay in Maple Hotel.  When i checked in to the room, FO was told me about the bed from twin bed to be 1 bed. I dont have a problem about the bed, but made terrible cause bed cover doesnt cover the bottom side. Comfortable for family or couple trip, over all this is the good one hotel on budget with nice place on the riverside. I appreciated for the restaurant, very urbanish style like placed myself had a breakfast in Europe 😘 Thank u Maple!";
"Overall the hotel looked the same as the photos and other reviews. The check-in/out process goes pretty quick. The room was lovely and for the toiletries, there's only a toothbrush without toothpaste, no sandal. The toilet didn't have a nice or bad smell, but the toilet wall is dusty seems haven't been cleaned up and the towel was really bad. The bed has a stain and there are only 10 channels on the tv. There are two elevators but the other one was in maintenance. The dining area was lovely but I don't really like food.";
"The hotel was not as clean as we saw in the pics. The staff failed to respond our room service requests. Plus, the hotel area was not a friendly place where we witnessed some prostitution. Not a place to stay for a foreigner, especially for a family.";
"I stayed with them and it is satisfying, Andy at reception was very helpful, room is clean and has great view , Khoiri is very friendly and helpful and also Mita who offered us some eggs and toast, breakfast is very Indonesian, enough for budget hotel like this, price is very affordable, reccomended for budget stay around Grogol";
"Having had bad experience elsewhere, booked only 1 night to see. Empty lobby with staff hiding in the corners. Room with no windows, old and worn out. Shower hardly any water coming out. Provided WIFI password does not work. AC not cold at all. At 8:00am someone knocking on the door non stop, In incomprehensible English he advises me he is housekeeping to make the room., Insane? why on earth would you go knocking on guests door at 8 am asking to make the room and why would you continue knocking if guest does not open the door?";
"A somewhat rundown hotel much in need of renovation and refurnishing, only one of the two lifts were functioning. the location is less than attractive next to a major bus station, noisy and at night somewhat sinister. Breakfast a disaster, instant coffee and mediocre Indonesian food only.";
"The hotel is located in a very scruffy part of town but fortunately right next door to the Blok M bus station so transport links are excellent. It is in South Jakarta so it's over an hour to North Jakarta. The hotel itself is pretty good but slightly faded. The room was nice and big and very brightly lit. Noisy, being next to the bus station and a mosque with regular calls to prayer. The breakfast was excellent with numerous choices from a variety of cuisines. Staff were really helpful.";
"I stayed two nights for business trip at this hotel and had a twin-bed room at 6th fl. First image that I received from this hotel when I arrived was: "O-o not my type". It is an old hotel and not maintain adequately. The carpet on meeting room at 2nd floor was very dirty and urgently need to be replaced. The WiFi on the meeting room was unstable, and I prefer to used my own MiFi. The partition between meeting room was not soundproof, so we could hear what other presenter saying on the next meeting room. That's annoying.  The bed room was quite spacious (about 24-26 m square), and fortunately without carpet and have a very bright lighting system and convenient for working with laptop at night. The desk itself not wide enough for a laptop, so I prefer to open the laptop on bed).";
"We booked the hotel In May 2017 and once arrived we changed room three times due to ants and even more creepier...little worms coming out of the shower! Oh the horror!!! The staff were very friendly though and upgraded us to the suite, but unfortunately..there were the shower worms!";