"Locating the best part of South Jakarta city, connecting to brand-shopping Mall, Lotte.  Due to Pandemic, hotel management reduces service and facilities including Manpower.  Please expect service level equal to Mercure, or Holiday Inn.  Please keep yourself more than to wait their response such as Breakfast time.  As told by the staff, you need to wait and understand due to they have only 2 servers for breakfast in the weekday time.  If you are expecting meet-to-level professionally hospitality standard, this is not hotel in option.  Try Fairmont, Westin, Kempinski, Hyatt, or Oriental would persurade expectation level - to 'the Raffle's standard'";
"If your looking for a luxury hotel in Jakarta, then you won't go wrong with Raffles   The rooms are well furnished and large and have a luxury feel.  Breakfast and Room Service is of a very high standard   The Pool area is quiet and has good facilities.   The only issue would be the lack of decent restaurants and bars, the main restaurant is quite stale and the writers bar is always quiet and seems like an after thought, but due to the location there are many decent restaurants and bars close by.  Last but not least the staff service is excellent.";
"I have stayed in hotels around Jakarta and raffles is by far the best. In terms of hard product and service, they surpass other hotels, four seasons do not even come close.   Their facilities are amazing, well equipped gym, pool, jacuzzi and even tennis courts. The service is top notch. U have a butler to take care of your requests and you reach him/her by text on whatsapp. Room is spacious, clean and modern. I stayed in artiste suite. I love how attentive and detail oriented the hotel is, they even wrap the cables of lamps etc....   The staff are all very accomodating, professional. They deserve every praise I could give them. Keep up the good work and do not hesitate choosing to stay in Raffles.";
"Really amaze to the level of services, the accommodation and the quality of hotel design. Designed with great detail, neat, aesthetics. The details in each room are stunning, even involving designers. Like the "clothes towel" designed by Oscar Lawalata.";
"Great experience to stay at Raffles Hotel Jakarta with great and excellent services, they do all the health protocol very proper so we feel save and secure to spent our time there.Room service for breakfast, all the hygiene was good the house keeping do check regularly to make sure our room clean and tidy.";
"This hotel at central city of south jakarta, so closed tou going to anywhere, before check inn, we have request to early check inn and guest it approval, we can check in at 12pm.. we rent three bedroom, fully furnished inside family space, master room with queen size bed, and couple room with single size bed, this room have 2 bathroom so no need to queing for it.. they have kitchen, so you can cooking inside or request to in dinning room.. our unit at 1002 with garden and swim pool view.. for breakfast we request nasi goreng, mie goreng, sandwich and at all with fruit and juice for compliment.. we love it, it’s delicious.. and finally before check out we request again to late check out until 2pm and approved. Many thanks to aston taman rasuna. We are very happy to resting here,";
"I've been stay here for so many times with my friends. It has a great location which in a heart of Jakarta. The room is also great and clean, it has a balcony,big living room,kitchen and a good view also. Its a pleasant place to have a staycation during covid19 with friends. The staffs are so helpful and super nice too!! So thankful for Mr.Agus and Mr.Muklis for helping us alot.";
"It's comfy, clean, tidy. Comfortable to stay for family or just spent some good quality time with friends. Affordable for a place to stay with 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms (bathtub), kitchen, dining area, living room and such a good view from the balcony.";
"had a staycation with my best friends to celebrate her bridal shower. we didn't really expect the room to be that big. overall it was a nice stay and the staffs are really friendly. the cleanliness wasn't too great but it was okay.";
"Good service Very hygiene room Superb covid 19 protocol Delicious food, especially for breakfast (i choose american breakfast) cozy place in the central city  Keep up the good work!  Lovely employees from aston, Chiara Muklis Pak adjus Pak sis";
"it's beyond my expectation. the staff are bery friendly and helpful. the check in went smooth so does the check out process. the food from room service taste reaaaally great! all the equipment for the kitchen and the bathroom are really details. def will be back!";
"Spacious and clean suite, soft pillows and huge bed, nice facilities like cooking range and washing machine inside hotel room. Unfortunately the air conditioner is not cold enough and the internet connection is so slow.";
"Had a great weekend escape with ascott residence! The services are amazing and also the swimming pool views makes you feel like you’re on top of the world. I’m definitely going back to this residence soon 👍🏼";
"So Bad, they the housekeeping unpolite and the room it's not clean. the sofa in my room looks moldy and musty. besides that the amanities provided are not complete, I booked for type 2 rooms but the facilities provided are only for 2 people. I had to repeatedly contact the hotel to ask for these shortcomings. besides that internet facilities are also bad";
"Good location, close to big mall, offices. The room is very comfortable, the bed make you fall asleep very soon. I am pleased with  very good service from the staffs. From security at the door lobby, front office for fast check in, amenity in the room. Etc. Dava Agung Sedayu is one of them. He work in the food n beverage area. He will serve your breakfast on time and greeting you politely. I always asking for additional things and he made it quick.  Thanks Ascott, will always come back here.";
"Coming here for family matter and wedding in raffles, and as expected this place still give their best service.   Warm welcome from arrival to departure and their facilities, which has been enhanced according to health protocol made me feel safe and their large room has giving me space for my family.";
"Spacious and clean room, kitchen. Very good location in the middle of big city. The have a direct connection to Lotte Shopping Mall. Very easy for the guest to get what they need and find a food food lunch or dinner. But they should improve the breakfast";
"We have been struck by the pandemic related fatigue, so a friend suggested a staycation. Ascott Kuningan is perfect since its an apart-hotel right above a shopping center so we can get whatever we need downstairs.";
"Ascott Kuningan Jakarta is the perfect choice to spending your time with family and friends... We would like to express our deepest gratitude to all Ascott Kuningan Jakatta team for the amazing help to support and making our day unforgettable.. Even during this pandemic , Ascott Kuningan Jakarta is seriously taking care of the guests and make sure we all feel safe and secure. Food was amazing and the service was magnificent. Once again thank you so m for your kindness and wonderful service and care to us. Two thumbs up ! We will definitely come back again to Ascott Kuningan Jakarta 🙏🙏🏻❤️❤️❤️";
"Really enjoy our family staycation here. I booked for 2 rooms to my big family.I got good services here.that is why I want to say thank you. All of my families satisfied to stay here..they were very happy because the good place and the good service here. I want to say thank you too for Ms Diana who had helped me since the first I came.even though I didn't met her on the day when I check in, she always give a good service by phone. I really satisfield for all of your services. The rooms was clean and comfy and all people here so kind, thats make all of us want to stay for a long time :). Thank you Ascott Kuningan Jakarta, I Will arrange to stay here again.";
"1. It was located in Jakarta's Golden Triangle, Kuningan, South Jakarta. It was also accessible by Transjakarta, and soon by LRT. The building was surrounded by many office buildings, shopping centers (Plaza Festival, Setiabudi One, Kuningan City, Lotte Shopping Avenue, and Kota Kasablanka), and also a sports center (Plaza Festival). The hotel itself was located on top of The Gama Tower, with a special lobby apart from the office’s lobby. The main lobby (Sky Lobby) was located on the 52nd floor. They also had a Spa, Gym, and Swimming Pool on the 50th floor, and a restaurant on the 51st floor.  2. The room was so large, spacious, clean and cozy with a modern interior design. I booked a Westin Room - City View. It had a large king size of bed with a duvet, which would directly";
"Spend two nights here using their great value Thank You Jakarta Voucher. The lobby is located in the 52th floor, once arrived at the floor you will be greeted by 360 degrees view of the city.  Check-in process was quick and smooth, the reception even gave us an upgrade to a bigger room in a higher floor. Requested dowel decoration for my wedding anniversary was not present but it was normal because of the room upgrade. In return, the hotel gave us a surprise cake!  The room was huge! Plenty of space for our kid to run around. The room have a walk-in closet to store all our luggage, hanged clothes, and stuffs. Bathroom was also huge with separate bath tub and shower.  The breakfast is was impressed me. They no longer serve buffet, it replaced with an all- you-can-eat breakfast";
"The service was great, overall room is spacious and comfortable.  The gym and pool facilities are good. With less people there, it was quite comfortable to use even during this time.   The food and service in lounge was great. Much better taste than breakfast. And the staff were mostly helpful and friendly.    However, other than those, a lot of things need improvement.   Food was quite dissapointing especially during breakfast. Taste was minimal, not a 5stars hotel quality. They also served the wrong order and then informed that they can't serve me the right menu because it will take some time to make it. They did give me few pastries to "make up for it".   Room service definitely needs attention. The pen provided in the room was very dirty, a lot of hairs (not mine), dusts are";
"The view from this hotel room, especially premium type above is amazing, make u feel like staying in heaven coz its so high and u even can see the sea from 63th floor.  You will feel a very unique experience stay in this hotel by its view. The room was very comfy, the bed was so soft. The restaurant was spacious and food was delicious.  Westin is definitely one of the hotel on the must try list";
"My wife and I had just spent 5 nights at this Westin hotel, which is part of Marriott group.  Positive / plus points: - The hotel is relatively new, only a few years old so condition is still very good.  - Hotel has nice view of Jakarta  - Rooms are nice, pretty big, clean and has comfortable bed.  - Water pressure is excellent - Health protocols are quite good.  - Gym is pretty big and well equipped  - Foods quality are good, most of them are delicious & enjoyable  - Services in general are very good, especially staffs at the Seasonal Taste restaurant   Things to improve: - Rooms design.  An Executive suite room that we occupied should have better bath room, it should have come with 2 sinks / wash basin.  The shower room should be bigger and designed with better door so not too";
"It was a nice staycation, the staff especially Mba Meutia are very helpful. Will stay in here again for sure. The room was very clean and big. The pool was amazing. Had a great time here with my family. :)";
"Stay for two days here, it’s very refreshing! The facility is very clean, the central location is superb!  Riyan the check in staff helped me to get settled and he’s super helpful! Definitely will come back and stay longer";
"Excellent experience all round, with great amenities, friendly staff and excellent service. moreover warm welcome by Mr Banda. Rooms facing south will be see the pool below. Overall, we really enjoyed our stay.";
"My husband booked this hotel as a combination reservation with our flights. I’m always nervous when he does this, but it always works out nicely. The Fraser Residence suites is such a lovely place with a nice city view. The place was very clean and and very comfortable. The location is perfect to walk anywhere in that shopping, restaurant. The staff were always very kind and eager to help meet our needs. I found Banda to be super kind and helpful. He checked us in and gave us some helpful tips and suggestions on how to enjoy our stay in the area :)";
"Thanks for everything! We love the fraser residence sudirman it is the best hotel with the absolute best customer service. and thanks to Banda who helped us. We highly highly recommend staying here on your next visit to Jakarta. Total five star experience across the board";
"The Grove Suites is located in the Epicentrum Superblock---a master planned development with shops, restaurants and green space to enjoy.  It is also just minutes away from major business and entertainment districts in Mega Kuningan and the Sudirman Business District.  I have been in and out of Indonesia for much of the last five years and The Grove Suites is my "home away from home."  The suites are oversized and spacious and even include a small kitchen area for longer stays.  The property includes a large pool, spa, restaurant, mini-gym and a musholla.  The best part of staying here, however, is the great service provided by the staff.  They are gracious and attentive....and do a great job of making guests feel welcome.";
"The location of this hotel is in kuningan area, famous business and entertainment center of Jakarta. The room is unique and big, like apartment with living room and kitchen. They also provide the kitchen set, including electric stove, so we can cooking in our room. But too bad, the breakfast is so standard in taste and not many variation comparing with other hotels in the same starr classification.";
"more menu breakfast, western menu en more...........the room unit model is very artistic modern minimalist.....overall service is very satisfying one of the best options for a relaxing stay.......highly recommended to stay again";
"I took my family to staycation at the Grove for 3 days and 2 nights. The apartment have a cozy living room, with the dining room and open space kitchen, so we all feel very close to each other. The kitchen have stove but we can not cook in here, they plugged off the gas. The outside ambience is quiet good for morning walks, and near the Epiwalk mall, so you don't have to be afraid of running out of food and beverages.";
"I'm enjoy with all facility the hotel and i Will to come again with the others family. Very nice experience, but i can not swimming because any protokol health about Corona virus. Thanks for all service";
"overall the services are very excellent, if only citadines have a instrumental / music in every floor of them, it would very great to repel out silent & fearful.  oh the other minus is the room isnt soundproof but thats not a big problem. thankyou";
"Clean room, Good interior and ambience, Friendly staff, good service, and strategic place, very recommended to staycation or business meeting, traveling or family. the rooms are quite spacious for a very affordable price.";
"Citadines located right at the central one of the busiest office street in south Jakarta, right next to the one of the most expensive hospital, close to food plaza, just 5 mins walk to busway station. Room size is big, it has 2 electrical stove,nice couch and good internet connection,   one thing they need to fix immediately is one of their elevator which has been out of service for more than a month already!";
"1 lift on 2 was under maintenance. 2 lifts are already not enough for this high building. Only 1 elevator working with limited occupency due to social distancing is making  huge waiting time. this hotel seems also not having lift for service. The staff and luggage service are using the only lift available. Indonesian traffic jam.. ;-)    Also many very small ants in room coming after 5pm...";
"I've just stayed at Citadines Rasuna for 1 night, however it was absolutely memorable and enjoyable. The staffs were helpful with the fast actions, the location was so great, much more great things. And this is it, the room was completely pleasurable and suitable with the mood. At the certain thing, i will return to stay there in the future.   Thanks for everyone there  Personally say thanks to Mr. Atta (Duty Manager).   Growing greater and bigger for Citadines Rasuna";
"During my stay at the Yello hotel Manggarai I was very happy because the employees and employees were very friendly, there was already a health protocol as well. the rooms are very spacious and comfortable, you really have to try a staycation here";
"Good, but there is room for improvement on food options and availability. Hope after Covid, this will be better. I plan to visit again, sometime in the future. Expected that there will be promo for member, to stay regularly. Thanks.";
"my room was spacious, but too litle amenities available inside. There was a table, but no chair. The wall was not soundproof, I could clearly hear every detail of the conversation from the next room. Overall, it was a good stay.";
"Rooftop good View, & Enjoy , Internet Speed good, extraordinary experience, breakfast dishes are delicious, Cleanlies, Location strategis and comfortable and pleasant, Recomended for businness  Thank you";
"Location is great, food is awesome, comfortable bed, quiet room and roof top resto is amazing. Staff are well groomed, check in and check out process were fast, on site resto also has wide variety of food and well presented, taste amazing too.";
"Great service All the staff are very helpful and friendly Breakfast was tasty... Please reducenthe use of plastic for the utensils...Glad that this hotel already practice CHSE Near to shopping area Swimming pool is clean";
"What i love about it is the spacious room and the big windows. nice to have your breakfast whilst looking out at the city. Super love the rooftop pool, spent 2 evenings there just sitting and looking at the sunset and had a nice swim.   The food was great...nasi bakar n iga gorengnya enak banget. altho the scramble and omellette needs improving,but other than that i enjoyed the food.";
"The location of this hotel is near business area of Jakarta. Many restaurants around this hotel. The room is standard but big enough. The pool, gym, and spa is closed during pandemi. The breakfast is not many variations.";
"I was stayed at JS Luansa #2005, checkin with Pak Hendra, however his kinda not friendly enough such as not inform me well regarding Hotel facilities, “He inform me room number, WiFi, non smoking room and fine IDR 1.000.000 if I smoke inside the room only” instead of restaurant for breakfast, I asked him “how if i want have breakfast?” and he said “Sorry your room without breakfast ((Without smile, I know he used mask but I can see from His eyes))” I mean yes I absolutely know and notice but again you have inform me well regarding your breakfast and etc etc!   After that I answer the conversation “Yes I know” then again He not inform me price for breakfast and yes me aswell asked him “how much the price” and he suddenly inform me the price without inform me operational time for";
"As an Event Planner and Organizer. I always have extremely high expectation towards Pre and Post Event administration efficiency, Timing efficiency and responsiveness during service + service basics implementation, Venue condition (down to small details), Ability to match with Attendees preference on Food and Beverage variety and quality esp meeting special dietary/ingredient restriction request, Quality Audio Visual and Internet connectivity as well as speed of troubleshooting in case things dont go as planned, Ability of Front Office team not only in handling group Check (esp coordinating room readiness with HK in case of back to back situation) but more importantly how they can read the situation of the Event and provide matched information or improvise in enhancing the stay";
"The accommodation have cleanliness room and facilities with supreme location in heart of the city, and providing very high speed WIFI internet in all sides of the accommodation, restaurant have a cozy atmosphere, check-in/out with unforgettable experiences, and give us sleep quality within my staying, can not compare with the value when we stay in this accommodation with providing quality amenities.  Describe the service you experienced Tell us how you liked the room Talk about the location & amenities Say what you liked best & least";
"I had read good reviews about the Oakwood hotel chain and hence decided to stay at Oakwood Premier Cozmo in Jakarta when I was here for my business trip. However, I was totally disappointed with the experience I had during my stay.  Firstly, it seems that the hotel has not been able to enforce their "so-called" COVID-19 safety protocols. There were times that I saw other guests not wearing mask in the lift or even at the main lobby, which was just in front of the reception counter!   Secondly, although I was staying on a non-smoking floor because I have bad allergy to cigarette smoke, I could always detect cigarette smoke smell in my apartment. Despite highlighting to the hotel staff, they were unable to stop this from happening. They would always give excuses that they had";
"Our family hasn't had a travelling or go for holiday since this pandemic. So, as the children start to bored at home, I decided to have staycation, and we choose to stay at Oakwood Premier Cozmo for the long holiday on August 2020,because the location is strategic, near lots of mall, and restaurant. Good ambience to have a walking and running activities, doing groceries, etc. At that time, we had 2 bedroom Suites. The room is so large, with a big window so we can get a good sunlight from outside, and the furniture, is very clean, neat, tidy, feels like a 5 stars home. The kitchen and the cooking utensils are very hygiene, all wrapped in plastic and sealed. And for our protection, Oakwood allowed us to have breakfast at the room. It such a great experience spending our long";
"Great experience for staying in this apartment for two nights. Breakfast was so great and the rooms were clean and comfort. The reception was also great and it located in a strategic area in Jakarta. Recommended for everyone who need a satisfaction vacation with families.";
"My second stay at this property. Coronavirus chaos happening on the outside, perfect harmony inside the property.   Everywhere I went throughout the hotel, I was met with a smile, and a 'could I help with anything'. The food, rooms and levels of service are second to none.  The staff could not do enough to ensure I expereicned the perfect stay.";
"I stayed for two nights and booked an Executive room. The check-in process was quick and no-nonsense, which I appreciated. However, I didn't get recognition as a member of Marriott Bonvoy programme (I did get the recognition the next day through the app, though). Upon entering the room, I was amazed by the surprise the hotel team had prepared for me, including the drawings on the window and a complimentary cake. The room was somewhat smaller than expected and the furniture were kind of dated design-wise but they didn't greatly affect the comfort level of the room (in fact, I enjoyed staying in my room, reading books by the window while sipping a cuppa or merely watching TV).  The bathroom was okay. It had a good-size bathtub. The shower area wasn't super spacious but that wasn't";
"I chose to stay in JW Marriott to celebrate my mom’s birthday, my bro’s birthday and my wed anniversary.   1st disappointment A week before, I texted the hotel to request for birthday decoration for my mom, so it would be ready when we arrived at room. However, it didn’t happened. We arrived and no decoration. A minute later, 2 staffs rang the bell and asked whether we want our room to be decorated. Of course, we said NO, because the surprise sensation was no longer there, my mom was in the room already. And another reason is, it’s pandemic, we wouldn’t let strangers come to our temporary place for doing the decorations.  2nd disappointment Our decision to stay during pandemic was tough. We dare to stay because it’s JW Marriot, a 5 star hotel. We thought that their protocol";
"Was staying here for two nights: 6 to 8 November at Room #1101.  Great room, with complete amenities and Hygiene set (includes Disposable mask and glove, hand sanitizer). Room was perfectly cleaned and great room service.   Beautiful Bathroom with Bathtub, powerful hot shower. No complain at all for the room.   However, the selection for breakfast should be much improved. Many stalls but with same food selection. Breakfast was limited only for 45 minutes (with batch card given during the check-in). I didn’t think it was for the protocole, since you would find a very full and packed restaurant during that given time. Shoud be considered if you want to have your breakfast here.";
"This is our first trip back to Indonesia since the world pressed the pause button and we were immediately reminded why this is a home away from home. We were checked in by Anya at the front desk who was a pleasure to speak to and the level of hospitality she delivered far exceeded our expectations.  We spent our one night taking advantage of all the amenities of the hotel from the pool to the well equipped gym and finally a lovely meal with drink in the executive lounge.  Thank you Anya and all the lovely gentlemen in the executive lounge for making our layover feel like it’s own mini holiday.";
"I had so fun during my staycation on long weekend holiday in JW Marriot Jakarta. The room was so clean and comfort, the foods are so good and delicious i love it, and the staff is so nice especially Ms.Anya is very patient  and fast handling when we need a lot of help but she very enthusiastic in handling guests, i am so appreciate it. Thank you JW Marriot for the nice place, foods, and the staff.";
"Having great stay here. Suggest not using pool at sunday morning if you want to enjoy peaceful swimming, many came with kids. Breakfast and cleanliness was superb. But what I love the most is the staffs that were so full of dedication to give the best for the customer. Recommended. The minus is the location which you can't just walk to shopping mall or restaurant, about 10 minutes to kota kasablanka mall by car (no traffic jam).";
"I had such an amazing experience staying at Gran Melia, their services were excellent, I even got a surprised birthday cake delivered to my room by the staff and a simple celebration. I'm so grateful and they did make my birthday so memorable.";
"Decent and polite service with limited offer due to the existing restrictions. Very good hygienic protocols. Stayed in this hotel multiple times in 2019, was sad that the offering is reduced, hope to see that the Spa services are back soon.";
"Great experience, everyone enjoyed the hotels' staffs warm hospitality and their top-notch service! Check-in process was smooth and fast, the staffs were all friendly and helpful! They followed the strict COVID protocols, made us feel safe. Very recommended!";
"My name is Dimas and stayed at room 1247. Without doubt, Gran Melia Jakarta is one of the favorite hotels in Jakarta. A lovely, clean and affordable place. The room was lovely and modern. The staff were friendly and helpful. The breakfast was amazing. Pak Anung and Pak Masruhan at breakfast made my stay wonderful. Would highly recommend this hotel.";
"As we had reunion of family. Aryaduta is 3 bedroom apartment are big enough to accommodate 3 family (6 adults and 3 kids) living room and kitchen are big enough. Breakfast is too way crowded, small space, food variety is good enough.  Receptions is not too friendly and helpful even need to speak with duty manager to solve. Overall good hotel apartment and good location.";
"The overall stay was ok, need to improve on staff attitude and room cleanliness. Also I was wondering that you should keep open the In Room Dining a bit late, since it was Ramadhan period and some guest might request food after breakfasting time.";
"Appreciate and highly thanks for all Services been provider, I Will highly recommended to my friend when they visiting Jakarta so they can enjoy it as I got from this hotel. I hope someday I could stay here with easy process even if I would using another way";
"A good stay for Jakarta if you are searching for middle class stay with a good connection to the city centre.  Like the Aryaduta Hotel it need to be refurbished. It's not a classy hotel but an apartment complex. We had a two bedroom apartment. It comes along with two bathrooms, a living room and a kitchen.   The staff is super friendly and helpful. We had an issue with an AC and it was fixed within minutes.  We mostly choose to stay with Aryaduta when we are in Jakarta also because of the breakfast. it's a huge selection of Indonesian and international dishes.  This Hotel comes along with a pool and a playground, that our daughter loved to use.  A small mall is around the corner and a MRT station is close within an 5 minute walk. So you can reach the city centre without any";
"Very comfortable hotel for families, the swimming pool very nice, all of staff friendly with my family and also location hotel strategy in the middle of city, near with shopping mall we can go by walk, and the area secure";
"Excellent place to spend with your family.. nice ambience.. great staff ... everything was worth it. Massive room with luxurious facilities. With a great location in the middle of Jakarta, in front of hotel, you can find many famous and great restaurants. even the breakfast was awesome.";
"the hotel location is very strategic, in Setiabudi area,  south of Jakarta.  The location is right behind Setiabudi One. The room is big and clean.  They also provide kitchen aminities,  so you can cook in your room.  The gym and the pool is nice.";
"Cinta banget sama Fraser Place setiabudi! Super cozy! Excellent Facilities! Lovely Staffs! Great Rooms! Excellent Food! I’d give them 10000000000%! It’s highly recommended for you guys! Pokoknya harus staycation disini!❤️✨";
"Great place for family... massive room with luxurious facilities. you can find anything here. stove induction, fridge, laundry machine even dis washing machine. good place to stay with family. I stayed with my 2 kiddos. they love it so much.  even though, in this situation, the service was excellent, they check you from the beginning, all the staff using masks and face shield. they really care to the guest.  definitely will stay again next time.";
"Really dissapointed heard some complain caused by my room 2201 fraser place setiabudi jakarta audio too loud and already 2 nights stay complained by the apartement management.. now during our 3 night stay really uncomfort, we didnt make a noise but the complained still come to our room.. so unprofresional complained and disturbed our hospitality to stay here!! 😞😞😞😞😞😞😞😞😞😞😞";