"Hotel Santika Slipi is one of my fave hotel to staycation. The hotel location is very strategic, because it's close to mall, such as Mal Taman Anggrek, Central Park, Grand Indonesia, Plaza Senayan, and Senayan City.  It is also suites for family with children, becase it has a large swimming pool. Children would love it.  The breakfast buffet also has various of menus. And inside the restaurant, there's a children play room, so you don't have to worry if your children a little bit grumpy.  The room is quite big for Deluxe and Superior Type, neat, clean, no carpet, and have a long sofa.  Next to the hotel, there's also padang Restaurant " Sederhana " and Indomaret for your first help :)";
"I had amazing experience with this hotel. I reserved for my Sister Anniversary and everything is amazing.  The staff was very helpful friendly. Especially for Mr. Yudha and FO team, thank you so much for your kind assistance, i really appreciated. Also the room is very clean and hygine.  Sure I'll be back! Thank you, and stay safe for you all.";
"Definitely one of the top recommendation hotel in Jakarta.  The staff and marketing such as Mrs Vika are so helpful especially with the detail information re:new normal.   Santika Premiere Hotel has good buffet breakfast. And what i like the most is their swimming pool.";
"Good service. Nice room. Nice food,  Friendly staff like Isma, Sulis, Leo, Alex, Shaldy. From restaurant. Nothing to much for them to make you feel like at home. At concierge staff also always helpful with your  luggage. Special to say thank you to manager Rosa. She lead all staff in good way.";
"Hotel is located a short distant from the main highway to Bogor which is ideal for golfers who wants to enjoy Jakarta nightlife and avoid the morning traffic jam going to Bogor golf courses. Room are clean and spacious. Morning breakfast spread is wonderful. You can choose between local dishes and some simple western breakfast. Highly recommended if you're looking for hotel which is  value for money.";
"this hotel is very strategic .. located on the side of the road and near the mall. I was very helped by mr.yordan, the service was very good. very patient and know what i need, I was given the best and clean room. the view of the city outside the window is great. I will definitely come here again. Thanks";
"Had a very good deal using Batur meeting room for about 3 weeks. Mr. Rayan (S&M) and Mr. Harry (FB Service) were really helpful and flexible in accommodating our needs. One minor thing is about the cleanliness of the meeting room area toilets, more frequent checking will do the purpose. The hotel itself is located in a very strategic location, really good for business purpose or family staycation on weekend.";
"Everything was well. Friendly staff, most specially to front desk Yordan who helps me to check in late at night. Hotel is clean as well as room and lobby. Hotel is very accessible by public transportation.";
"All I can say is you guys all done a good job. Check in process was fast handled by the welcome staff, Ms.Vita. The room is cozy and cleanliness well maintained. We also enjoyed our breakfast as it have a lot of choices and the restaurant staffs are very helpful.";
"I choose Ibis for my stay while doing some works. Comfortable room, fast internet connection, and location near the place i need to go. The journey for my bussiness feels success this time. Thank you, Ibis.";
"It is an average value for money hotel. Comfortable, clean bathrooms but found a cockroach in my room which they readily removed. Buffet breakfast has good spread. The hotel charges taxi for parking if it comes upto the lobby to pick you. That's unfair. On the main road, so we'll connected.";
"I stay at studio room, furniture little bit too old. Room spacious, really love it.The pool was average. Near the airport and easy to find streetfood. But they have a good breakfast. The staf soo welcoming, especially in the pool.";
"i stayed at this hotel for 11 nights days i came for business. I encountered a hotel much more than I expected. so far I have stayed in hundreds of hotels due to my job and everything like this did not stay in a wonderful hotel. the rooms are clean, big enough, the room price is reasonable, the breakfast in the morning and especially the buffet dinner is a legend. the location is very good, it is so bad that you can get right off the highway from Jakarta traffic. the pool is very big and pleasant.In short everything that comes to mind is really good.duty manager eddy, thanks to you. I will come again next month and I will stay at this hotel again. I would recommend it to everyone";
"They’ve city view from almost all the room. They’ve karaoke too. Break is also good. Room is spacious. Worth the price. Hospitality is also good. Staff is friendly. The location is also good. Value for money!";
"It has been 15years i stay at this hotel for business trip First one is the location in central of Jakarta and easy to go everywhere because near highway access, busway station at in front of the hotel  And their staff very friendly and helpful, and guests satisfaction, especially ms. Gita at reception, mr. Yohanes at Concierge, mr. Eddie at Coleman restaurant and the orhers  If we need something like iron for cloth, incoming / outgoing facsimile facility, etc, they can help us They always give a box of chocolate when I check in  Worth it to stay at this hotel";
"We had a trip to Jkt, for company business. We reserved about 15 rooms, twin share. hotel location is little bit away from the center of the city. The building is remain stay and old, some part need reparation or renovation. But so far, hotel is clean and tidy. Hotel Staff also friendly and quick response. Breakfast meal is also nice for budget hotel like Mega Anggrek. Pool is located on 3rd floor. They have a wide parking area. Very limited rooms equipped with bathtub. You better ask first to Front Office if you required bathtub.";
"This hotel has a good service, clean room and delicious food. They good at handling complaint for they guests. Near to shopping mall department store, and not too far from the airtport. I highly recommend this hotel. Thank u Mega Anggrek Hotel:)";
"What a great story to be here guys. Delicious food,  strategic place, easy to find the hotel, friendly price, and friendly staff. Totally amazing. Promise to be here next time guys. Don't you want to make a great experience in your end of the year? Be here guys,trust me.  😘😘😘";
"Please re consider if you want to stay here. The hotel is really old, the room is outdated and smelly. The bathroom is not really clean. The service is really bad, I asked for extra pillow and within 1 hour still waiting. The price is also not cheap considering there are many cheaper hotels with better service and quality. Really regret the decision to stay in this hotel. You have been warned.";
"Hi all, Im back again to review a hotel in west jakarta, near taman anggrek mall, yap "mega anggrek hotel"  Here is the review First time i came at 7.30pm there is one staff (security) but he didnt even greet us, only looking on his phone and smoking (outsite hotel), in front of lobby there is another security i think he will opened the door (like other 4 stars hotel) but he didnt even move to open or greet us, he just standing like a statue (arrghh i think i got wrong hotel to stay)  And then we come to receptionist, there is plus point for this hotel, he really nice service, inform us any facility what we get.  Next we walk to tower 2 that our room on 4th floor, after get out from lift on 4th floor, its really spooky (because there is no one there either visitor nor the";
"A few years ago, this was my favorite hotel whenever I went to Jakarta.  The place was very clean and the restaurant was quite good. Everybody was polite and helpful. And in my opinion the price was extremely reasonable.";
"I always stay here with my family when in Jakarta. The breakfast buffet is good Sri and Rama were super helpful serving us! The doormen and bellmen are superb too! We had a lot of luggage and they were all smiles helping us!! The pool and gym are a bonus as well! I like the location of the Ibis as its on a quiet street centrally located in the city. Thankyou we will be back.";
"Steady and visible improves Great and good  One minor issue I appreciate that we are indonesia and many guests are local   But..NO WINE AT ALL Only beer???  Guys..really...i am not suggesting we stock full range of vintage chateaux lol But NONE?? umm";
"Though the room may need some renovations, it is properly maintained.  Jakarta seems to have heavy traffic jams.  But this hotel is close to TransJakarta Busway station.  So, without heavy luggage, you can cover most of the tourist attractions in Jakarta easily by using Koridor lines.";
"I would not reconmmend this hotel, unless you have no other options. They rooms are very old and it shows, from the shower space to the fixtures and fittings. It is ideally located in the central part of Jarkarta, and the staff are lovely, but i would prefer to stay elsewhere.";
"I've been visiting this hotel for the third time last week, and it was okay. The room was clean and cozy, also value for money. It is located on a small street near S. Parman street, a lot of street food and besides to Alfamrt. Probably will repurchased.";
"Booked this hotel solely because it is near to the location that I needed to visit. The room that I stayed looked old to me. The bathroom door was 'decaying' (wood door) and needed to change a new one and the terrifying thing was spotting an unusually big red ant in the room. Overall just a basic room with very basic service.";
"Didnt expect that bamboo inn is a nice and surprisingly cozy for an "inn" small but cozy room, standard bathroom, got my cable tv.  Transit hotel very near dharmais. Breakfast included..very basic breakfast. Good place to lay back for a while.";
"This is a very nice hotel facilities a cheap hotel can give in Jakarta. It is located around Slipi area, which is near the toll road to the airport. But the location was a little bit hard to find. Not on the main street, but on the small street beside the Harapan Kita Hospital.";
"I stayed here for 2 nights whilst visiting family. Yes rooms could do with a refurbishment but for only 2 nights for somewhere to shower and sleep this was ideal. Staff were friendly and were always asking if I was ok as I was staying on my own. Would stay here again";
"clean strategic place  comfortable and budget is very nice. I am very please to stay longer there but we just stay 4 days. The location is very closest with cetntre market in jakarta, tanah abang. We fully recommend if you are waiting for your family who dirawat di rs pelni salah satu hotel yang direkomendasikan ini.";
"Hotel Alma is the best choice if you just want a room to stay or take a rest which location is near Tanah Abang. It's also cheap. The room facilities are air conditioner, television, and wifi connection.  Unfortunately, just never expect too much for the breakfast menu. Twice I stayed there and I was always disappointed because of food. I didnt know either some guests took the food a lot or hotel's food stocks for breakfast werent enough. It made me spend extra money to order omellete to enjoy my breakfast. However, the staffs were helpful.";
"nice hotel, stay for 2 nite at standard room 315,000 rp + breakfast for 2 (attached bathroom + 2 single bed + air conditioner). have a lcd tv with more than 10 channel including HBO, ESPN. 10mins walk to Tanah Abang. lil bit noisy bcoz in front of the main road. overall it just nice if you come to shopping at Tanah Abang.";
"Did not planned to stay here. We checked out from our previous hotel as it was far from Jakarta. This place was recommended by our taxi driver as being cheap, clean and close to the famous local market called Tanah Abang. Room was small, dusty with a window which was pretty much useless as it was blocked by the air-conditioning unit. Bathroom was leaky all over. Worst of all me, my wife and one of kids woke up with bites from bed bugs.  The breakfast was really dismal. It was included in the rate and it was sort of first come first served. They did not replenish the dishes. It was a 10 minutes walk to Tanah Abang market but that 10 minutes walk was very nerve-wrecking walking along the busy and crowded street with not so comforting characters by the roadside.  I will definitely";
"I thank you so much for taking care of us for 6 days, trying to filling up our requests which is plenty ,being informative ! And the very sweet greetings when we come till we leave! Especially to Mrs NANA ( front desk lady) great job! 👍";
"I have spent 3d2n at this hotel and really enjoyed my stay there. I stayed at the corner unit which was a bit bigger than other units. Room was quite comfortable with a double bed and a big sofa. The bathroom was clean. The view from the room has a stunning view to the city skyline. This hotel is not new but the maintenance was good. It is a local Indonesian style hotel but some modern decorating. The location is just nice which is not far from major tourist attractions. Would highly recommend it.";
"I had a great time here, nice place, great services, friendly staff, it's all worth every penny I spent. Above my expectations. Gonna stay here for my next trip. Definitely recommend this hotel to my friends.";
"I stayed at this hotel on Feb with my friends i'm happy stayed in here because all staff very welcome specially mr Alam he is helpfull and smile is nice. And breakfast very nice any kind of food in buffet. I will Come back to this hotel sure.. Thank you mercure and pak alam";
"I have spent 1 week at the Mercure Jakarta for a Business Trip. It was perfect and above all very professional guest relation officers throughout my stay. The room was clean, comfortable with a nice view on the sea. The breakfast was very abundant and healthy.  thanks a lot, especially NINIK, SANDRA and VILEN";
"Our experience staying here was good. We requested for an early check-in by 13.30 and the hotel had no problems adhering to our wishes.. the check-in and check-out process was Express (just like the name)... and this was good!   The room was clean and cosy.. Wi-Fi was fast.. Unfortunately though because of Covid-19 health protocols our breakfast came in food boxes and there was the option for tea/coffee also  Overall our experience was good...";
"THis is the best Holiday Inn Express I had stayed in all the Holiday Inn Express in my past travels in Europe,  USA and also region in Asia Pacific.   For Business traveller and small business operator,  this is truly our home for doing business in Jakarta.";
"Check inn service: Good! Spacious and Tidy rooms and extra needed toilet supplies included. Breakfast is good. I would like to personally thank the Front office department. The Three ladies that assistance me at my stayovers are reliable, loyal & hospitality, casual talented employees  Puput , Arnita & Fitria. for the rememberly stay over at the holiday inn Express Jakarta matraman. Keep it up. Thank u madame Puput!";
"This was my first time staying at this hotel. Quick check-in process without any hassle. The room was also quite spacious for a Holiday Inn Express hotel and it was clean also. The WiFi connection was OK but the thing that could be improved is the breakfast options and quality.";
"I think, Hi express Jakarta Matraman is the best hotel in Matraman area. The room very new and clean and fresh, breakfast nice with many variety and good wifi connection. Thank you for Ms Dyiah fo for great us with warm welcome ❤️";
"I stay 4 night for business trip in Jakarta. Room are specious with big bed. Room cleanliness very good and room view to the city. Staff very friendly and helpful, retaurant staff always greeting you even they busy. It's a good sign that staff respect all the guest. Good location, not too far from central business and easy to get taxi. Very recomended for you who will go to Jakarta.   Congratulation for the management.  Regards, Gregorius";
"Nice hotel at the central of Jakarta. Good for solo travel. Near to Public transport. Theres a suki restaurant, great sauce. Lots of street food vendors in the evening. Room pretty clean, spacious too for superior stayed at #303. Complete amenities. Just a small and awkard placement of sqimming pool.";
"The room very clean and comfy, and staff were friendly too. It’s very nice and strategic place to stay with affordable price. Food taste was great, my favorite was suki. We had a great time there. Thankyou";
"It's a great strategic hotel in Jakarta. Located in town and also has various accesses to get there. The hotel is nice and comfy. Pleasure rest guaranteed. Facilities are good too, but the swimming pool not so big and I cancel my plan to swim since it is located in very front of reception desk with a huge window. So, if you're not embarassed bee seen by reception while swimming, it's okay, but not for me. So I choose to use fitness room instead.  The hotel really clean and staff were friendly too. They are really helpful. I booked twin room since that is the only optio  available on agoda, but when I asked to change, they change it into queen bed room without any charge. Then they are strictly forbid smoking but they help me to get a room with window can be opened. They really";
"Great service, strategic location, their staff so friendly. The room was good made me not want to wake up. The food is very good especially the dim sum and suki.  I definitely come back and stay again at this hotel";
"I stay in hotel kalisma for three days, standard price is not too expensive, there is a dish for breakfast, looking for food outside not too far away, looking for something easy, I like the food that is in front of the hotel...";
"It's not my first time have a night in here, I've been several times coming to kalisma hotel. This is the best hotel for work because of its flexibility. But if you plan to stay for vacation, or enjoying the facility of a hotel, there's several hotel that outcome kalisma, at the same price range. My review : 1. Breakfast, less variety of food,  standard taste, un-enjoyable, nothing special. 2. Service, not friendly enough 3. The room is neat and wide, flat lcd tv with variety channel, but the air conditioner and bathroom, in several rooms are disapointed. 4. Wifi just accessible in lobby, with that price we should be get wifi access in our room 5. We could smoke in the room, it's the best part from kalisma that I love most. 6. They have Many rooms  So I come in conclusion, that";
"Close by and walking distance to Tanah Abang transport taxi or bas very easy to get. The hotel rate is very reasonable and is affordable.The staff are very friendly and helpful and able to communicate in english.";
"Stayed for a week. Good and central location. Lively location with plenty of street food and a slightly more upmarket Padang food restaurant about 100m away. Supermarket is a short walk away.  I would recommend a room on the eastern (railway) side of hotel. The western side rooms are a bit dark with no natural light.  The place is not difficult to find as long as you know where to find it. There's a small sign at the front "fence" of the building. The entrance is along the side of the building (opposite side of the driveway) about 20m in.  Clean and comfortable enough.";
"I stayed here for one night because of its low price and strategic location. For the price, I was happy with the clean and simple room, nice air conditioner and very comfortable bed.   There are a few places to eat close by but, as in many places in Jakarta, it’s difficult to walk on the ‘pavement.’ There is an indomaret close by and a really lovely little bakery across the road.   The only issue was actually finding the place. There is a zen rooms board outside, but no actual entrance. I had to ask around with people on the street and nobody knew where it was located. I ended up walking into a basement car park, and asked the parking attendant. He directed me to a lift that led to the hotel.  The receptionist didn’t speak any English, but it was not a problem.   I would";
"For budget hotel, I kinda like this hotel from ZEN Rooms. The staffs are nice and very helpful. They help a lot! Super affordable price (which is important for me), yet found got so much good things inside, from clean bed to fast Wi-Fi.";
"The location is strategic walking distance to Palmerah market and station. The room is spaceous and clean. All is provided, from toiletries to mineral water. The wifi is awesome too. TV is suppoprted by various channels. So recommended.";
"Very nicely located hotel at super affordable price. What i liked was the quality of the bed,  strength of AC and of course fast internet. One drawback was early cleaning so staff woke me up but this is quite small thing";
"I read some negative reviews and it was make me worried until I’m the one that experienced it. I love the lady in the receptionist desk, she was so helpful and friendly. They asked me to leave the deposit for RP.100.000 and told me to keep the receipt and can get the money back once check out. The room is big and clean, good air conditioner and comfy bed. My room was in 3th floor with window city view. The hotel next to Amaris Hotel and just need to walk for like 3 minutes to reach RS Harapan Kita Busway Stops. Close to Taman Anggrek and Central Park Mall. I would love to come back again in the near future.";
"this place is litle bit dirty and to old for a hotel in the capital city of indonesia, I just not recommanded you to stay there, its not like you look in the picture. Once I show somrthing in my bed, look like an insect over my toilet. O my God it was horrible moment for me thats all from me, traveller  hanks, regard";
"not impressive at all despite a decent location..  rooms are worn out and even the bathroom.. no gym facility.. lift seems like it's going to fall off.. room very noisy especially if you are facing the hospital.. breakfast was good though and staff friendly..";
"A quite good room and facilities that are worth it with the price. The place is very strategic around West Jakarta. The place is clean and quite spacious. The concierge is helpful and also this hotel is completed with free parking facility";
"The location strategic near with Mal Taman Anggrek and Central Park. The room is large but the furniture in was old and need redecoration. The swimming pool need repairment. The food is delicious and variatif.";
"+ Near convenient store (Indomaret and Alfamart), clean room - Little room, unfriendly front desk officer, far from bus stop, no hot water for bath, same feature for standard and deluxe room ( just deferent floor )";
"Toilets are horribly stained.  AC is not cold.  Water heater is virtually non-existing. Toiletries limited to two slices of mini soap. Sheets are off white.  Bed sags and is springy.  No Cable TV. No WIFI.   In the terrible condition the Hotel is, it is grossly overpriced. I was charged 129 Ringgit Malaysia for a Superior Room using Agoda booking (which also did not have accurate and current facilities of the Hotel).  The Hotel should seriously lower its prices more OR make the hard choice of closing down and renovate its premises.  As is - AVOID THIS HOTEL AT ALL COSTS.";
"This is the worst hotel i ever stayed. Jakarta such a big city and the main central of Indonesia. This hotel located in area that full with tourist that want to shop at Tenabang shopping mall. Poor thing, service is really bad, air-condition around hotel not working, wifi hard to connect at lobby, morning breakfast buffet kind of sad 4 choices including drinks??this is the worst hotel of my travel experience so far. Sadly, the hotel is a great potential. I don't even think the owner really understand about hotel management or hospitality even common sense.";
"The hotel are just 400 meters to Tanah Abang business centre,  for those who planned to do shopping this is a good place to stay, but during peak hours when the hotel are full the top floor may experience water disruption cause the pressure are too low.The neighbouring area are not a good sight to look for. It is a rainy season we can see the neighbours drain ing flood water from their premises. Transport a";