"First I want to to commend some of the staff (e.g. Nila @ restaurant, Dhea and Cynthia @ reception) for their efforts and their hospitality.  Unfortunately, but the management does not live up to the standards of Accor Group.  It was highly disappointing to find a lot of black mold under the sink. This is abso absolutely unacceptable from my point of view.  As part of the ALL SAFE efforts, which was attested by a sticker at the door menus, e.g. for breakfast, were removed and replaced by QR codes on the TV. Unfortunately these QR codes did not work because the quality of the TV picture was not sufficient. The signal for TV and internet was unstable. Mobile signal for XL did not work at all inside the room.  A messenger who was supposed to pick up some things at the reception,";
"arrived 21 JULY, upon checking in i was told by reception i was being upgrade NOVOTEL MANGGA DUA SQUARE and i was glad to hear that. then i moved next door, very fast check in process, room was great and they gave me complementary as an ALL platinum member. Requested late checkout. Everything went over expectation. Thank you";
"It's been several times I stayed at this hotel  Always excited after made a booking  Feels like coming home to a place I've known  Meet old friends,   The staffs, they go beyond and far to make sure your stay a memorable one  Thanks to Mbak Eva, Dhea, Kristin, and of Course the Manager Pak Erwin   You're all super nice to me and family  Bedroom always comfortable Foods delicious, love their Fish Curry and Carbonara Spaghetti served at Gourmet bar for our late supper  One iconic place you can't missed, Fish Pond, rejoice there for a minute  Thanks Folks My Friends, my home away home";
"I was stayed on March 21st to have a short weekend getaway with my friends. Booking process assisted by Saskia from Reservation, she is very helpful and gave a very fast confirmation 😉  Check in was smooth, handled by Asngari, he’s very nice and friendly. I also met the Front Office Manager, Pak Nugroho, who always greet me & my friends with a wide smile and cheerful face 😄  Thank you for the remarkable experience! Please send my regards to Saskia, Ari, Nugroho and all Novotel & Ibis Styles Mangga Dua Team..  Until we meet again!";
"Nice hotel.  Overall is good. Nice food at restaurant. Swimming pool good condition.  Gym completed. All staff is good service especially dandi from Housekeeping.  Thank you for helping. Next time i will came back here.";
"Strategic location and near to shopping mall.easy location and street food nearby. The staff were nice friendly expecially Mr Dandi. The room was clean. Thankyou for your service. I will come back next time.";
"The location is strategic, the staffs are friendly and helpful, the room also nice and facilities are great. Love that it provides bathtub, it is basically one of the reason why I choose Novotel on the first place.  As for COVID Protocol, the hand sanitizers are everywhere, and the staffs are wearing their masks, faceshields, and even gloves everywhere, the public area also being disinfected properly and regularly.  for sure will go back and recommend Novotel to the others";
"first decided to stay at Novotel Jakarta Mangga Dua Square because the hotel was already operating at the time of the Covid pandemic that was hitting Indonesia.   I made a reservation for one night, one room with breakfast for 2 person.  Before the arrival of a staff named Mr. Farhan wanted to confirm the arrival time because as a Accor Live Limitless member he wanted to give a good impression and also wanted to provide all kinds of preferences that I needed when staying at the hotel.  I was very impressed with what he did because he asked for the type of room I wanted. Like do I want a smoking room or not.  he also asked me the time of my arrival to make sure when I arrived the room was ready.   On arrival at the hotel I found it difficult because of the lack of information";
"I really appreciate the hotel's service and staff, especially Mr Rahman who assisted us from the beginning until we checked out. The room was really great, and in my opinion, this is one of the best rooms I have ever stayed.";
"The location is superb, the staffs are friendly and helpful, the room also nice and facilities are great. Love that it provides bathtub, it is basically one of the reason why I choose Novotel on the first place.   Some of the drawbacks for me are basically can be considered as small matters by others, such as lack of refill for water, though whenever we asked they will give it to us, but it's kind of difficult not to be able to find any dispenser so we can refill our water freely anytime, and then the floor plan kind of confusing with lack of info regarding where to locate elevator and our room, so for people like me who unfortunately, not really good with ways, we can get lost (I actually got lost for real), and then, it is better for the housekeeping to check on the flushing";
"Best Hotel in Jakarta,good services,kindly,foods and beverages incredible and good view,100% recomended. Mr Eben and Mrs Melvy yo're so nice...All of mercure employees so kindly and actived.. For room services is very incredible,food so tasty,beverages so tasty, room size is very large,clean and tidy.. This Hotel so recomended for Bussiness trip,beside that the location near by Ancol Beach so this hotel also recomended for Family vacation,and with your couple exactly,Mr Eben highly appreciated for your assistance during in Hotel,Mrs Melvy if read this pleas add my WA no,087796767977 thank you";
"Mercure Ancol Hotel Team ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ For their great service, comfortable room, good food and beverages.  Good Covid19 protocol implementation. My special thanks To Mr. Eben Siahaan, Pak Arif and Bu Eva Simangunsong for their great hospitality and they are friendly staff during my stay for 9 days. I wish all the best and success for Mercure Ancol Hotel. Thanks & Kindest regards, Sanggam";
"Mercure Convention Center Ancol is a great place to stay. In the center of Jakarta nearby the most favorite landmark in Jakarta, it well served you an affordable price with high consumer satisfaction. The room cleanliness is their priority especially in this outbreak. And for the food, they served varied tasty menu with excellent presentation. Been helped a lot with friendly staffs, thank you for the manager on duty Mr. Eben. I can't wait to come back to the Mercure Hotel next time.";
"14 days stay in MCC was a perfect place during my quarantine period prior move to worksite where the location far away from noisy and environment was very good. I am satisfied with all services was given to me with good various foods and kept clean room services. Thanks to MCC team for support along us stay during quarantine period.";
"Mercure provides dishes that suit the Indonesian tongue, especially village food (Examples: Nasi ulem, lontong sayur, leaf vegetable, sweet potato), friendly service for to guest and quick to provide the thing as per guest request.";
"Great hospitality, all Staff friendly and nearer to shopping area . I just went to ancol then i chose this hotel as my option, to spent ma perfect night with ma wife, cz the price really big deals🤗.i would like to recommend this hotel and i will surely back 🤗";
"The room is nice, very comfortable, but I didn't expect more for internet connection. I came here to get the best connection and after check on google that this hotel is one of the best internet connection, but after that it's quite good not very good and very fast on internet connection, also for access to this hotel it should be from mangga dua square, didn't have direct access to this hotel, and also its so far to find minimarket near this hotel. But overall i like the room and the cleanliness";
"Am from Sultanate Of Oman My name Abu ameer A very nice hotel, I booked it 3 times, it is a very clean hotel and good treatment of the staff especially Vita with its beautiful smile, the breakfast is good, and very close to the mall.";
"Very good hospitality, the room and the bathroom so clean, the bed, pillow, blanket was so clean, the receptionist help me to check in real quick. The price was worth it. I'll definettly going back to this hotel if i go to jakarta";
"Hotel located in mangga dua square conplex,and room size space enough for two person. Very warm welcome from the front office (forgot his name). Breakfast variety good enough,and tasty. Will come back when visitin jakarta again";
"Spend time with the loved one for celebrate anniversary at discovery ancol, such a great choose i ever had. Thank You for your good service dear shelly, Irfan, and also david you complete my lovely day.";
"well.... this hotel is good first time we come in... lobby is looking great... costumer service is nice... what make me feel not ok was the room... its small and no hand soap no brush teeth.. when we aske they said its for a go green program. we had dinner and breakfst as well... the point is not quiet good. What make us happy is the pool... its cool.. great... and cozy, very nice... they have mini golf that we played... zumba in morning and cooking class for kids and face painting but its cost.";
"Worst hotel.. i felt scammed.. you need to pay fee per person entrance to enter hotel .. this was our family first and last visit.. not recommended. There was many good hotel outside an ol area, better to stay in outside ancol area.";
"- New lobby: Nice and spacious - Checkin: smooth checkin - Room: it seems like just being renovated, quite clean beside the aircond temp can't be adjusted... so the room temp becomes too cold - Bedding: Nice bed except the linen color has turned into grey (from white) and some holes on pillow cover - Extra Bed: Quite shock knowing only mattress without any base - Bathroom: Shower drainage does not go smooth. The shower can't be adjusted between the wall and hand shower. Towel color has also turned into grey from white - Room surroundings: Quite noisy with people slamming the room door and kid running and shouting";
"How could 4 star hotel didn't provide iron and board? the operator said they don't have any iron and board, that's terrible. Also i have a big group on 2nd week of december staying there and the staff at restaurant didn't standby around the restaurant so I had to go to kitchen to ask them to refill the water, cleaning the tables and prepare the utensils. And when I arranged a dinner at Discovery Sky, the only set up tables for 8 tables and cant provide more table when I observed that there is more space. Please consider this review to your management. Many Thanks.";
"Really this is one of the best budget hotel i have ever stay, the room was really met my expectations. Big and clean also the staff name Martha was so very nice! Thankyou Martha for the hospitality. I love this hotel!!!";
"I have stayed in this hotel couple of time already, i love the simplicity of the room design, yet clean and comfy ambience. check in and out is easy. i stay at 207 and 309 i manage to have great sleep, they forgot to setup tumbler at 309 and you might need to have a look at the quality of the towels, it start to torn out. Overall i enjoy my stay and love to return. Thank you and good job!";
"Thanks to D'primahotel WTC Mangga Dua for the satisfying services while I tripped recently. I hope to use the services again in next time I trip. For the satisfying services, I recommend the hotel to stay.";
"The deluxe room is ok is clean but when you leave your food for even 1 hour, there will be a army of ants. The food stall beside the pedestrian is very nice and cheap. Open from evening till late night. There shopping complex opposite the road is very rundown.";
"The staff were friendly. They offer simple breakfast from Starbucks (croissant and coffee). The bed was comfy, room was clean, i had a good stay.   If you’re here for holiday, I wouldn’t recommend you this location. It’s a little far from the center. If you’re going to Kota, you can take the local bus in front of the hotel, it’s convenient and it’s fun to tryout the local transport.  *i forgot to get my deposit back, am still waiting for their reply.";
"Thank you to all the mermaid Resort employees who have provided services to my family in a very friendly and satisfied way, greetings to executive chef mr.wawan Riswan " tuangeun sajian na na enak pisan " Sadama sareng keluarga hatur nuhun nu kasuhun chef cowboy.. see you next time chef..";
"This was the resort I used to come as a kid about 40 years ago. Amazingly, it looked mostly the same as it had been for those years. This time I stayed in a ship-shaped like Leti-Leti 111, which had a living area, a pantry, a bathroom and a bedroom. Unfortunately, it was one of the worst experience I had ever had. Number one, the interior was very old and gloomy, and worst of all, it was not well maintained. Number two, the hot water did not work and the toilet water tank did not have the cover. Number three, I did not realize until very early morning (around 4 AM) that on the ceiling of my bedroom there was a lizard that pooped on my bed. There were also insects flying around in my bedroom in that very early morning. So, I could not go back to sleep. I ended up taking a morning";
"It's the only sea side and sea view resort in Jakarta, so it's still popular for weekend get away, or even beach side birthday party. Some area had been renovated, but most of the cottage already old. 😁";
"Some food has displayed as a chicken soup but it includes beef if someone with red meat allergy its really bad buffet standard I stayed august 17th to 19th at Bawa 15 room. room quality is average good only bad things happen to me in food because I'm read meat allergy I ask about food two-three times from chef they said the only chicken but it includes beef.";
"Stay in putri duyung resort with big family.. the cottage neat and clean..bathroom ok. The staff very helpful and friendly. Got dinner and breakfast too. To bad the swimming pool was under renovation..";
"The hotel itself is large, clean and well maintained with friendly staff.  The rooms are large and clean.  They have tea and coffee making facilities but no fridge. We stayed in a room next to the busy road so it was a bit noisy.   It wasn't too noticeable though but some might have found it too disturbing.  They should put in double glazing for these rooms. The staff were friendly and the breakfast was adequate.  Ancol was very close but because of the roads in-between, its almost impossible to get there by foot.  If you try then you're risking life and limb.  Better to get a taxi.";
"Spacious room, car park, and even the bed. Like it ! Less that 30 us dolar.. near to themepark and mangga dua. The staff ok, friendly and intend to help. My first impression: WORTH IT !! And the extra bed are hugeee. Can be fit for 2 child.";
"We chose the hotel for one night to go to the Thousand Islands early the next morning. Otherwise the hotel is not central. The staff was really helpful and friendly helping us to organise our transportation/ next hotel at Thousand Islands, since there are no travel agencies close by.";
"My first impression: Wow!. The hotel is small but the lobby is super clean and spacious. I was very impressed with the room, huge for 2 occupants. The aircond is not strategically placed though. The room was not really cold although we set to the lowest temperature. The room rate excluded breakfast but because we took the hotel as it was only a stone throw away from the airport (minus the horrific jam of course...) we just had to try the assortment of food they have for breakfast. To my surprise, the food is super delicious! I ordered for 2, but only 1 came, and due to our limited time to head for the airport, I asked for the other to-go instead. Not disappointing as well. The hotel is so nearby Mangga Dua, but we did not explore that side since it was just a one-night transit";
"Pleasant Hotel...! Nice staff, room were great, hospitality number one, great food and just a stone away from Ancol as amusement park (west entrance), Mangga Dua for shopping and Kota Tua for historical trip.";
"To stjerner er for lite for dette hotellet. Alt er egentlig helt OK, bortsett fra at jeg fikk heteslag og måtte ligge utslått på rommet i 34 timer. Men en hyggelig betjening tok godt vare på meg. Sikkert bra for en barnefamilie som tåler varmen og vil benytte seg av badeland, Mini-Disneyland etc. i nærheten.";
"Hotel ini seeing saya lewati, Dengan rasa penasaran saya pun booking di sini  Tempatnya lumayan nyaman bersih parkiran memadai dan fasilitas yg cukup baik menurut saya Tempatnya strategis Dekat dengan pusat perbelanjaan dan wisata ancol";
"kemrin saya berpergian dan menginap di hotel ini, booking utk deluxe room untuk segi harga sangatlah worthit akan tetapi di dalam kamar tidak terdapat lemari pakaian, cuma lemari tmpt menaruh tas dll. untuk segi kebersihan ok, dan view nya pun ok saat di pagi hari, dan 1 lagi yg saya suka, breakfast nya sangatlah recommend, makanannya enak, kita disuguhi berbagai piliahan.";
"I believe most poor review here was for the old hotel before it was fully acquired and renovated by OYO (budget hotel chain). So don't read any of these review when it was dated before year 2020.  I stayed here for vacation with a friend. The room is spacious and relatively clean. Ceramic flooring. The bed is firm and comfortable. Linen looks clean, however our towel got little stain on it. Bathroom is huge and clean as well, water temperature is easy to adjust with strong current coming out of shower head.   the basic OYO amenities is provided (cheap quality shower gel, shampoo and dental kit). During checkin, the receptionist gave glass water bottle that can be refilled anytime.  Hotel was eerily quiet at night, that ambience of old hotel is still there, and the yellowish";
"WORST HOTEL EVER, does not even deserve 1 star. everything is old and dirty, you might get herpes by staying here! We wore slippers in the room cuz floor so disgusting. And the room has a ghostly vibe. 1- Blood stains (probably cum stains too) on towel and bed sheet 2- Aircond slightly cooler than the sun 3- Decorational Fridge 4- Toilet with accumulated dirt and gunk, never cleaned since 1980s maybe? 5- Elevator that stops on every level 6- Muddy pool where you can't see the bottom (could be snakes or crocs in there!) 7- Creaky doors 8- Creepy shady corridors 9- Cafe - No Aircond, Oily Food, Dirty Utensils 10- NO IN ROOM WIFI!! (only in lobby or cafe) 11- Zombie Staffs (we checked out, they took the room key, then continue to do their work, leaving us standing there for no";
"Big room and classy. What you pay is what you get. Close to mangga dua square, JIEXPO kemayoran. The staff is friendly. Have public pool. Your mineral water compliment not inside room, in path way with galon dispenser. My floor squized and water out from there.  I like the breakfast, mie goreng and fried chicken so yummy.";
"Bloodied sheets (from previous occupants I assume), rude, ignorant and unapologetic manager.  Old, decrepit, dirty rooms, no working fridges, all old, unused, no mini bar as advertised.   No bath, no hot water, until I complained. No free internet in rooms. Air-con very old, cut off and didn't work after 2 hours. Location isn't great like some people have mentioned, still a taxi ride from anywhere worth going, and Gambir train station. Dirty river outside, and pretty much no amenities, restaurants or attractions nearby.  Cleaning staff, instead of cleaning our room, smoked in it, and didn't lift the bloodied sheets that I had already pointed out as a major issue.  I'll reiterate though, the worst issue with this hotel was the audacity and ignorance of the manager, who (without";
"Booked an family room. The rooms were outdated and full of ants. At night it was infested with Mosquito and the air con is almost non existence. The breakfast served was only fried noodles and rice. For additional order, for kids they charged adult price but without receipt.";
"Stayed at this hotel for 4 nights because we were not sure where to stay in Jakarta. From the photos, it looked like everything is a good as new but in reality, you don’t want to be staying in the room the whole day. Since we did spent our time outside and only came back at night to shower and sleep, we can’t really complain much.  The only thing I can’t understand is why is our room’s aircond facing our bathroom. The room took time to cool down and mind you, we can hear the sound of train as if it is next to our room too.  Walking distance to Pasar Pagi so this is a good point for those who want to shop for batik and other apparel. It is also walking distance to the museums and convenient store.   Breakfast was uhh.. not so impressive but it does caters for locals.  Staff was";
"Very unimpressed with this hotel - we stayed 4 nights and on the first day we arrived most rooms were unoccupied - and they stayed that way most of the time we were there. This should have been a sign.  We spotted 1 or 2 ants on the first day on the floor and thought nothing of it - by day 2 there were so many of them all over the floor and beds. We told reception who said they would spray the room - which they did. But the next night we saw more ants and told them again. The windows do not shut properly and the air-conditioning was poor.  We asked for nearby places to book trips to snorkel etc and the gentleman on the desk put us in touch with his "friend" Karl. We paid 500,000 each for a day trip with multiple snorkel trips, lunch and a private boat. Not only did he not show";
"apart from a very helpful and polite staff, everything about this hotel is a big zero...stayed there with my family for 2 nights...its noisy outside throughout the day...i think there are far better options for the same price...";
"We have had good time here, the room was nice and clean, everything worked well, especially the owner Angelina has been so polite with us, totally raccomanded, if we are around we would love to stay here once again. THANKS";
"Twins hotel is about 10 minutes walk to Kota Station and the old quarter, and merely 5 minutes walk to Mangga Dua mall. The location is key plus point to stay in this hotel.  The hotel staff are very friendly and helpful. The rooms size is OK and it is clean.  The Wifi speed is good and no hiccup during my stay. Breakfast is simple but it's tasty. Will come back to stay here again next visit !";