"Lovely breakfast provide it by Sana Sini team The service topnotch and food was great. Croissants and pain au chocolate was the best and the Indonesia food was delicious  Glad to be back in town 😀😀😀";
"Love this hotel.. got a friendly service in all area and have been complied with health protocol..  during the breakfast session,we have been treated a well services from Mr Arvi and team.  Thank you very much for the hospitality..  Novi and Wenny";
"It was such a great getaway to escape the hectic world of work schedule for a while. The service from the staffs was very good, and they made sure the room is disinfected first before we enjoy our stay. We were allowed to decorate the room too and it was so much fun! Also, we love the view of Jakarta from our suite too! We would definitely go back here for another staycation!";
"Nice to stay back in Pullman, Thamrin all the staff in this hotel are really warm welcome us as a family we are really Happy and enjoyable to stay for celebration, I also enjoy the view I will come back to stay and I so Happy for surprise to my Daughter";
"Great staff, i was served by Arvi.. he explained recommended menu and we ordered Salmon Teriyaki Set menu and Mie goreng.  Food was great, service was great. Cleanliness was great as well as they do covid19 protocols. We would like to return for sure.";
"Attentive staffs! Though the variety of breakfast was limited the staffs tried very hard to accomodate us👍.  The room was okay. They also provided us with healthy kits, such as masks and hand sanitizer.";
"So happy stay at morrisey hotel ,room very comfortable. For service very helpful and friendly especially windy and dwiky. This hotel near from grand indonesia and monumen nasional icon of jakarta.....";
"The Morrissey team is composed of professional, helpful, energetic and sincere young people. They are always ready to help the customers. In my seven days of stay, I really felt at home. During the current pandemic challenge, a warm welcome like in Morrissey Hotel Residence is very much needed.  I plan to stay here again very soon.";
"Been several times stay in Jakarta never been happier that I stay In morissey Hotel . The room,the facilities and the most over all is the Best service among other Hotel in Jakarta .  Note The breakfast buffet selection are beyond amazing .";
"I stayed in city loft room and it's spacious,comfy and super clean. Healthy kit (hand sanitizer, face mask) is provided. Lovely staffs and tasty foods. Point plus, you can order foods and beverages from Ocha & Bella restaurant, and delivered to your room. Excellent stay! Thank you.";
"Nice hotel and place to escape a while from my routine at Jakarta, the room was nice everything went well, unless for the TV at bathroom please to make sure the network connection run well.   I like the system and health protocol during breakfast time, was good with the book arrangement, and the crew always standby to serve all the guest. Good job, keep it up";
"From the beginning while entering the Hotel Indonesia Kempinski building, we felt the warmth welcome from the hotel staff. The elegance and luxury of the interior also makes the feeling soar. Service at the front office is fast and pleasant. Likewise when entering my spacious and luxurious room. When entering the bathroom area, you can feel the luxury of this hotel, a large bathtub and a very luxurious closet that is fully automatic. Toiletries are very complete, and unlike other hotels that limit drinking water for guests, here we are offered to add drinking water if it feels not enough. Giant towels, it is sometimes troublesome to use because they are heavy. The small thing that feels lacking is writing tools, if at the Apurva, Kempinski, Bali it is equipped with beautiful";
"Bad 1. My shower cant work right, then need to fix it. 2. i must face manager for late check out, and make a bad situation after eat breakfast 3. i ask high floor but i had low floor and i cant see the nice view in my bathtub or my dinner  good 1. they give us access to lobby lounge 2. they write Birthday on window its a good thing !!! i like it 3. i have a birthday cake  after i complain about this stuff, they had negotiated me to return our payment or stay for a night. i choose stay for a night. but i dont have any occasion except new year eve, i want to celebrate with big family. but the hotel team think twice then return our money as a payment. so deeply sad! is that how you treat your customer? to make choice not givin the best of what you had to make happy the customer to";
"Hotel Indonesia Kempinksi has just popped up into my mind when I think where to spend my special day. Providing spacious room with bathtub and exquisite food, Hotel Indonesia Kempinski was welcoming me with unforgettable birthday wish.  However, it would be nice if in the future this hotel also provide music player, so that we, as a guest, are able to enjoy the staycation as nowadays people are rarely watching television.";
"As a discovery black member, this is my favorite place to stay when i go to Jakarta. Its near Grand Indonesia Shopping Mall.. and The OKU Restourant is a must try when you stay there. The staff and the manager are friendly. I stay more than 20 nights this year.. so far i have excellent experience.. even sometimes the hotels have troubles, but the staff manage troubles quickly, and give me compensation.   So its a 5/5 star hotel experience.";
"We stayed as a family with toddler (1.5 years) for 3 nights in Oriental Suite Room.  The room was huge (95 sqm) consisted of livingroom and bedroom with a huge bathroom. We could feel that the room was quite old but nevertheless still classy and well maintained. The furniture and bedding were top notch, no complain whatsoever in that regards.  The bathroom amenities were Acqua Di Parma which was one of our favorite, and to our surprise, by staying in a suite we got the big bottles which is very satisfying.   Of course the main advantage of getting room at Mandarin Oriental Jakarta was the view and what a view it was! We got two vistas, one overlooking the welcome monument and the other Jalan Sudirman. For the price it offered, we believe Mandarin will give you the best bang for";
"We stayed for our 3rd Wedding Anniversary and was pleasantly delighted.  - We were delighted by the anniversary decoration that was prepared beforehand. There were balloons, banners, bed decorations and cakes prepared - We stayed during COVID pandemic with our almost 2 year old daughter but is pleased with the COVID prevention. There were hand sanitizers, room were sealed after disinfected. Pool and breakfast restaurant is limited using periodic slots. Food is still buffet style but served and taken by the waiters so it is safer. - The room itself is facing the HI fountain and was great view  - An improvement that maybe I can give is that the amount of waiters might be insufficient to serve everyone (we dined at Lifeng as well), probably because of layoffs and cutoffs due to";
"As always always always. Never disappointing.. this has been my more than 3 times stays ib this past 3 months in MO, and we even planned to stay here again in the next month. Even in this pandemic situation they keep safety protocols first. Such as in room breakfast to avoid crowd in the restaurant, queueing system for the gym and swinng pool facility, it's not easy but they managed to do it well, we always feel safe during our stay in MO. Btw if you're planning to bring your bicycle, they will also let you put it in the concierge. Best experience always. Thank you MO.";
"Really glad to get this kind of suprises, especially my nephew, he is really happy to see the balloon also the cakes. Thank you for the great hospitality especially for Mr. Nanang & Ms. Inggrid xoxo :)";
"Super grateful to all of the Lifeng team for making my day special!!!  They are super accommodating and helpful during the planning. I even revised my plan twice and yet Bu Beta still managed to help and being super understanding.   Everything was set up perfectly, They were the one who planned everything with the decor team without me having to feel worry. The service was over the top, I even requested VIP treatment for certain tables and they still wing it with the small crews.  Not only for my guests, they also served the crew like MC and photographer on my behalf, which I am super thankful for.   Thank you again team Li Feng: Beta, Rizky, Ais, tantri, kelvin, devita, Maya, Shena, Sabila.";
"Stayed there for a short vacation in Jakarta. Located in Central Jakarta and with many eatery around hotel (Sabang Street Food) surely this hotel is a good choice for who love to eat in their holiday. Check in and Check out was quick, Room was nice and spacious, the staff are very friendly and helpful especialy Yedo who handle my request by Phone. Everything in this hotel is cool. Hopefully i can go back to this hotel and tried their buffet nex time.";
"Stay for 1 day only. Pool is on 4th floor with city view. Room is very clean, perfectly located in city center and beer house is just 100m away from this :) also, sabang ( food street ) is walking distance as . definitely worth to stay with decent price :)";
"It was a super beautiful experience ! Very friendly staff . They were very helpful ! They helped me with my train booking and the surprise i had too plan it was Amazing big thanks to Albert Mytha Yono Amir Fiska  Very helpful amazing stay";
"Rightfully so Aone gets high reviews. Pricewise it’s a great choice. Location is unbeatable, in the heart of Menteng, near shopping & food. Room is quite new, not too big but ok. Breakfast has many options. Pool is small but great views. Staff does a great job.";
"Clean room, nice food and friendly waiters, esp Firman Setiadi who was very helfpul. The variety of food choices and so much healthy preferences. Furthermore, the wifi connection was so strong at every corner of the hotel. The gym is OK, need more dumbles and pleas provide towels. Staff uniform is outgoing.";
"Located in the heart of Jakarta and surrounded by culinary places, clean room with amenities and JBL speaker. Breakfast in the box like bento with 2 glasses mineral water which not enough for me and my husband. But overall ok for money and service. Thanks.";
"Great place,Amazing food, had a nice vegan breakfast. Thanks to bianca for helping me get my specific kind of breakfast (vegan) so i dont have to be on a lookout in the morning. Room was very clean and comfy.";
"This was my first trial to reserve one night in Ashley with my daughter. Very surprised with the ambiance and room. It was very clean, room was very comfortable and it has unique design. I guess all the rooms has big window ... so you can enjoy great view from the room. amenities were quite good .. my daughter loves the room. as we stayed in pandemic situation, the room were sanitized well and .. its really clean.  This hotel served breakfast which is packed in bento box. the box inside was rice with chicken, scrambled egg, veggies and fruits. It looks yummy ... but we usually didn't take rice in the morning. so sorry we have to leave the remaining food.  For suggestion, I guess its better to make breakfast optional  and ask to the guest when they check in since .. not all the";
"The location of course! The hotel is clean also. I slept in superior room, basic but all you need is there. Staffs are friendly, the security, the receptionists, the housekeeper did also their job very good. Special credit for Inggrit at the reception. She gives excellent service: always serve with smile although i know some guests are intimidative, and she greets me always by name. She is an asset for the hotel!";
"One of the most important thing especially during this time is super clean room! Ashley offers great room with a great services, they also sealed each door with sticker to make sure & show the guests that they already did special treat to ensure guests safety. This is not my first time staying at Ashley, and will surely come back again.  Special thanks to mas Aldi & mba Inggrit for being such a helpful persons.  Best, Adna Dewi";
"The place is clean, so comfortable, the staff is very helpful and friendly, specialy Yessica the recepsionist. the breakfast is nice, the interior is very good..  the price is very afforadle. The place is very strategic in central jakarta";
"I enjoyed my workcation here. The bed so comfy, the room and hotel so clean tho. I expected to stay back either i'll go for workcation or staycation.  And.. Ms. Yessica fast respond with the complaint. Thanks!";
"The best boutique hotel we’ve ever stayed.  Clean room, complete facilities in the room, and good breakfast.  We always get the cheapest price to stay.  Its our third time stay at this hotel.  Friendly staff especially Mr. Anthony, very fastest services.. thanks a lot.. And we will back again when in Jakarta.";
"all the staff were very helpful and kind. the place is so clean and spacious. the price is affordable too for a hotel in Central Jakarta area. the only thing that makes me uncomfortable is the parking area, but that’s fine cos the hotel’s management is taking responsibility for it. Yessica as the receptionist was very friendly and polite. thank you Stanley Hotel!";
"I looking for a place where i can stay and relax for my bussines trip. Considering location and room rate this hotel meet all the aspects that I need.  simple clean and friendly staff, especially the staff at the receptionist Pak Dhana, the check-in process was smooth and fast.";
"We stayed over the weekend to celebrate our wedding anniversary. Stayed at the penthouse (president suites). It was very delightful. In my holiday, I almost never stayed at standard room (more than 90%), and this stay, was extra ordinary. The staffs are super. Very sincere and the hospitality shown, is top notch flaw less. The experiences was started even before we checked in, even before I upgrade the room. The staff help me "smuggled" the flowers, our wedding pictures and disinfectant them then put them in the suite. They also added some decoration. Ms Kenny, Ms Aurora and Mr Arief were helping me during the surprise preparation.  During the stay, all are superb. The service, hospitality, sincerity all at the highest standard. They even well arranged the taxi for my morning";
"i stay at this hotel for 1 night, this hotel is nice view with a big tree in front of hotel, and in the morning many bird stay on this tree, the birds are betet/nuri (small parrot). all staff are nice person and helpful, the room is comfort for sleep, oh ya the breakfast is good and yummy";
"We came to the hotel last monday, and went straight to The Koffee. We welcomed by Asti. Very polite, very nice. Quite knowledgeable, she explained a little bit about a menu, very impressive, and she offer coffee blend palm sugar, which is my husband favorite, everything was nice, Asti served us very well, without being exaggerated, We’ll definitely coming back!!!";
"We arrived to a quiet hotel at the start of the Covid Crisis. The staff was very attentive while we were there. The restaurant was magnificent and the pool grounds are resort style. Security is top notch. The bedding was delightful. We found it to be centrally locates and across the street from a train stop on the local transportation. This hotel is 100 % accessible.";
"1. Great service from the staff. Specially the FO(Ms Aurora thanks for the cookies and Ms Milla), Concierge, pool, and waiters who delivered my food. Also the doorman, security and the other staff.  2. Great taste for the food (beside bf, I also ordered for lunch and dinner) but maybe you need put a pen or pencil for writing in bf card before hanging in front of the door.  3. The room cleanliness, very good.  4. Wi-Fi connection need more improvement, more fast I think.  5. The pool? Fyi, if you want to swimming at the pool. You need booked first at concierge, because the pool allowed only 57 pax due to social distancing.  Overall, 9,5 for your score. Thanks for your services 😊";
"Beautifully decorated hotel in the heart of Menteng near to many malls and food places. The price is excellent for a quick stay anytime. The Dulce Gusto machine in the rooms is a thumbs up! Each floor is decorated by a different artist too!";
"It was my 2nd time here and one of my favourite place to stay.  Friendly staff, lovely hotel design and a nice rooftop bar. The only negative point i have is the room is a bit dark ! other then that i really enjoy my staff here !";
"Artotel is just like its name. The room interior is minimalist, industrial type and full of art. Very nice, cozy, and suitable for honeymoon, babymoon or staycation with family. The location is also strategic, it's across Sarinah Thamrin, near Jl. Sabang. The neighbourhood is full of restaurant, there's Hongkong Cafe, Bakmi GM, Total Fruit Store, and Pisa Cafe. You can just walk to reach there. And if you stay on the weekend, you can easily join the car free day every Sunday morning.";
"I knew Artotel for its artsy experience as well as good hospitality for a competitive price.  For the record, this is a long due review. Hopefully things already better now.  First of all, it is a common understanding that check-in time is at 2 PM or the latest by 3 PM. By the time I arrived at 4 PM, surprisingly receptionist informed me that the room wasn't ready.  Another note on the reception staff, I was not being greeted like any normal hotel staffs would do when guests arriving at the premise. Maybe he was tired, no smile at all.  Fortunately, it didn't take a long wait for us to check-in into our room.  When I entered the room. It was okay, but the cleaning wasn't thorough. I spotted several area covered in dust a bit and a bit of litter around table near the window.";
"It was my second visit (the first one was in late May 2018). I booked the Studio 20 unit for a night, just like my first visit. However, this time I asked for a room with a double bed instead of twin beds. The interior was, as expected, artsy and funky. The furniture items were great and the working chair made a twist to my visit (due to its shape, I thought the chair was broken but it was just the structure). Having a room on the 6th floor, I could enjoy a better view this time. However, TV channels disappeared a couple of times and I had to turn the TV off to get them back. The bathroom was just fine. No objection.   The check-in process was quick and easy. Staff members were helpful, especially the front-liners. I also visited BART to have some drinks and this time, the staff";
"It was wonderful experiences for me staying at Novotel Jakarta Cikini. Room 807 was perfect for me, clean and comfortable, the breakfast also nice. I like the Nasi Goreng and the Black Coffee was very good!, I was assisted by Tamara the Guest Relation, she was kind and amazing, I will be back for sure! sekitar minggu depan lah.";
"The first thing made me love the is how i got welcome by the staffs all of them are so kind and helpful especially ms.tamara thanks to her amd everyone there . Second i love room design and arabic channels. For i sure i will be back";
"What a great brand new hotel in cikini. The room was amazing, unfortunately i came when the gym and pool still close due to PSBB. The allsafe implementation was great. But the one who makes my stay outstanding because of Ms.Tamara delightful service. SHE WAS 10/10!!!!  I'll come back for sure!!!";
"this time, i stay for 4 days 3 night for training, this hotel already work by new normal with equipment for make all guest secure, comfort and healty. hotel have thermal gun, all staf using mask, face lift and hand glove, many hand sanitizer for guest";
"Well, it's more than three times I've been staying at Novotel Jakarta Cikini. The most reasons why I come back all the staff are very welcome and so kind especially Mr. Aris, Mr. Rohim, Mrs. Fitri and Mrs. Weni. They are really treat me so well. Another nice thing my room always got upraded. The accomodation itself also great such as wide and nice room, comfy bed, every corner is clean and neat. And when it comes to breakfast time, the food also tastes good even tho not much options has to offer. Nevertheless every aspect really hit me well. Definitely would come back stay there again. See you soon Novotel Jakarta Cikini 😊";
"Room    We were staying in 1 bedroom executive unit facing north with Monumen Nasional view. The room includes a small kitchen with basic cooking utensils and laundry machine in the bathroom with a bathtub. Even though we were enjoying our stay, I think there are still room for improvements There are some minor stains on the wallpapers, lacking of power outlet can be a challenge, there were mold inside their double pane glass which is ruining the view, and the bathtub drain was not working (management team quickly fixed this for us).    Note that although the north side have a better view, it is also facing a bright large LCD billboard that runs all day and night, if you are sensitive to light you might want to consider other views.   Location    Getting into the hotel can be a";
"This charming Hotel. We so enjoyed our stay there and I hope to return. The location is perfect.The staff is wonderfuly patient and helpful. Wish I could of stayed longer - next time............👩‍🦳🕵️‍♂️👩‍🦳🕵️‍♂️👩‍🦳🕵️‍♂️";
"We booked penthouse in Fraser last weekend for our wedding holy matrimony in the church nearby. All of the staffs were really responsive. We also ordered lunch for our family from Relish Bistro . Our family loves the food, so tasty and cooked with good quality of ingredients. Special thanks to Pak Marky dan Pak Yuri for all your support! We definitely will come back :)";
"We stayed at the penthouse for 2 nights and we really love the hospitality. The staffs are very accommodating and pleasant, especially Mr.Yuri. They got a good view of the city, nice ambiance, and clean. I would totally recommend this place to family & friends.";
"Stayed here to celebrate my kid’s bday. Satisfied bgt, the penthouse is soooooooo spacious, pas bgt utk family event, untuk stay di dalam rmh during this pandemi. Sebelumnya unit didesinfektan dulu, dibersihkan setiap hari, and the most important, lengkap bgt cutleriesnya, bersih dan sgt terbantu bgt dgn pelayanan frontlinernya yg helpful from the day one, Mas Yuri. Will be back again for sure on the NYE!";
"I had a short staycation here but the experience were great enough in a cheap and small hotel like Erian (despite the location in Menteng). I booked at midnight and checked in at 3 a.m. but the staff was helpful and fast so I could rest as soon as i came. Room was good. But might be too small if family staycation was your intention. Didn't try the breakfast because i had to checkout early in the morning.";
"The hotel is very clean and fragrant, all the staffs (even the securities and technicians!) are very friendly and proactive. The breakfast are delicious. What I admire most are they provide water in glass bottle, and they provide bicycles to stroll around. Keep up the great job.";
"Stay there for 3 days with my family. Book family room, the room is very big, nice minimalist design, lots of tv channel, nice bathroom, complete amenities. All of the staff is very friendly and professional. Breakfast is very good, lots of varieties and taste good. They have meeting rooms and rooftop bar is under construction, cant wait to see the rooftop bar. Keep up the good work.";
"I was looking for somewhere fairly central to stay in Jakarta. Menteng is a good option, and the Erian deserves its good reviews. It’s modern, spotlessly clean and well managed.   The room was comfortable. Nice touches like hand towels, decent toiletries, refillable drinking water. There’s a safe and the aircon works well. Good WiFi. Only one thing missing really - a hair dryer would be useful.  Breakfast was better than I expected, with enough choices and variation to stop you getting bored.";
"Having come from a horrible hotel in Medan, Sumatra, the Erian Hotel was a treat. Our room was simply furnished and quite small but was really clean, with a great bathroom.   We were only here for one night, and I was looking forward to breakfast. There appeared to be a lot of choice but there wasn’t much available. It wasn’t until I’d had a couple of croissants that a lady appeared outside and began cooking omelettes, sadly it was time to leave and I missed out.";
"Very friendly staff (served by Mr. Putra), rooms are clean, and spacious, according to expectations, bathrooms are spacious and clean.  very good service. Very friendly staff (served by Mr. Putra), rooms are clean, and spacious, according to expectations, bathrooms are spacious and clean.  very good service.  sure to come back here with family or friends.";
"Had an amazing staycation during this pandemic at Ashley Sabang. The place is cozy, clean room, friendly staff and strategic location. Thank you to Mas Agus who helped a lot during our stay especially for room upgrades. It’s a great place to stay! Will come back soon.";
"Good service and good hospitality ashley team ...a pleasant experience even though one night .one the best hotel in midtown. Thank mr.Putra for handling my problem and nice solution. Good job and thanks more .";
"The staff was very helpful, strategic location on sabang street with a ton of streetfood that u can reach by a minute walking distabce, nice and very clean room.  Keep up the good work Definitely will stay at this hotel soon";
"The room was clean, spacious and nice. The service was excellent all the staff are friendly, very helpful and very hospitable, thanks to Mr. Hardiansyah, he made me love to visit the place again with her welcome and hospitality. Hope to visit again.";
"Top location, direct acces to PI mall, nice iconic lobby with good christmas decoration. Spacious room, but little bit old furnish. Good, clean, various breakfast. There was no any welcome drink or any fruits or any surprise chocolates in my room like other 5 strs hotels.";
"For anybody who still worry to do some staycation for yourself or for your family, i have to say Grand Hyatt as a 5 star hotel, definetely gave the best standard to handle this kind of virus, from the entrance till the room, everything are well prepared. Thank you Grand Hyatt for your amazing service with amazing promotional rate. Stay safe and keep healthy!";
"Excellent service. Spacious rooms. Mesmerizing room view. Clean rooms. Pandemic precaution in place. Relaxing stay. Breakfast was lovely. Family friendly. Pool was under renovation but can't wait until the renovation is complete. Five star staycation.";
"Grand Hyatt should be the grandest of all Hyatt property. In Jakarta, this property is iconic and located above the luxury Plaza Indonesia Mall and facing the Bundaran HI. I really had very high expectation about this hotel.   The lobby is grandeur and huge. Check in was no hassle, I book the night from Traveloka during their flash sale, so I had a very good rate.   The room itself is large and spacious. But it's just not luxurious and seems old. The bathroom is small, but it has bathtub. What disappointed me the most are the bed. I booked twin bed and stay with my friend. But the twin bed configuration is not really twin bed. It's more like double bed split in the middle. There's no space among the 2 beds, literally sticks to each other. The design is not well thought and";
"The staff was very helpful, the service was incredible. Very clean room & nice breakfast. Even though i paid for the promo and got late check out till 3PM! the service beyond expectation. Thank you Grand Hyatt!";
"New Experience, when staying during a work meeting at Sari Pasifik Hotel, Parking is quite easy, Employees are quite friendly, very helpful. The Health Protocol is strictly enforced, from entering at the front door there is a digital thermometer, when checking in, and entering the meeting room. Meals are given in the room directly.";
"Superb location @ Town Kind of staff  Have a good covid 19 protocol  But, u've very old fashion hotel  Ur room, ur toilet, ur floor Hopefully u've good covid 19 too for our room becouse smell not good when opened the door  Dont forget to came Car Free Day in front the hotel @sunday.. good activity i think..";
"The best service thks to trie,fajar,sony haris,pak rudi and  bahri,agung Engineering pokoke all staff...jaya selalu Sari Pacific. Rroom bener bener bersih dan rapih....old hotel but always Young...love you....";
"Spent one night here in their newly renovated Grand Deluxe room. Check in process was quick and safe with health protocols applied. The room size was small, if you see from outside the building, one window equals one room. Though small, the newly renovated room was quite nice and comfortable, somehow eliminates the feeling that this is and old hotel.  This hotel already opened the swimming pool for guests, but the other facilities remain closed commonly after the pandemic is over. It's location is strategically located in middle of everything. Food orders and delivery from outside were so cheap and easy.  The breakfast was what disappoints me. Practically no safe distance between tables. The food quality was mediocre with very little choices. We didn't spend our time long during";
"The location of this hotel is very strategic.  Right in the middle of business and entertainment area in Jakarta. The building is old enough but classy elegant. I suggest u to choose grand deluxe room for staying in this hotel.  It's a new renovated room with modern interior and equipment. But too bad there is no bathtube in this type of room. They have many facilities such as gym,  swimming pool,  and spa.  But u have to check it first to front desk, because some facilities have adjustment regulation during the pandemi. The breakfast is ok.  Need more variety but the taste is good enough.  The staff also helpfull and friendly.";