"I booked from OTA while they’ve flash sale, only around IDR 500K. Front Desk Agent very nice & really helpful. But, unfortunately the Restaurant, Bar & Pool still close during PSBB. Breakfast was good, with in room dining service and many choices of menu.";
"The first time expected to this hotel was great, all the proses was so well but the badly is nothing to do the phone, television, and internet access doesnt work until the night so mad and bored, the reception said system on down try to fix but 7 hour nothing to fixed at all. I have to down to reception counter to ask something (many times) until the reception give the WhatsApp no for any req. this problem should be have to think and act. This is my first time stay at hotel and get this worst experience.";
"1. It was located on the side of the roadway (one way), because the roadway was split by the toll-road. It was quite far from Shopping Centers, Restaurants, or Tourism places. Luckily, there was "De Entrance Arkadia" which offered several cuisines and could be accessed easily by foot. Or, wait until the "AEON Southgate" opens up for the public in the future.  2. The room was nice, clean and spacious. I booked a Deluxe Queen room. It had a small panel inside the room next to the entrance door which had 3 options (“Do not disturb”, “Clean up my room”, and “Please wait”) that we could use to communicate with the hotel’s attendants/outsiders. It was linked to another panel outside the room showing the option we chose from the inside. Mirrors were everywhere, you could find the";
"1 nights stay experience at Aston Priorty Simatupang was lovely. Highrise building concept offered best city view completely with restaurant, swimming pool also gym. The spacious room with cleanliness detail by amenities. I joined buffet lunch promo and worth it. Breakfast so complete with various of food. Thanks for a hospitality.";
"It has situated in a friendly environment and hub to conduct conferences in the city. Well trained staff and good food. Clean room and good room service, also very good reception staff, make us to come again.";
"Find homy accommodation in the heart of South Jakarta. Super nice ambiance and perfect serves from all the staff.  I love all the classic furniture. It feels like to stay at home but with all the hotel facilities. Great stay!!";
"The management upgraded our room to deluxe when superior rooms (our booking) all occupied for. The establishment has a nice and homey feeling to it, like coming to my grandparents' house. The room itself is quite large, but we can see the AC unit was quite old and not as cold as it could be in a very hot day. And for me it's weird when they provide two sets of tea cups, but there's no electric kettle nor tea bags/coffee sachets/sugar, which can only mean those cups for drinking water only?   Overall, I'm staying here paying basic price for basic accommodation and no complaints in that department.";
"I thought that this is a small hotel but actually they have like 40 rooms. The hotel was nice with a vintage interior. The room is not too big but comfy and clean. They have a small pool but I didn't use it.  We love the breakfast, it's Indonesian food and surprisingly good!";
"We first visited this hotel in Okt 2014 and visited it again on 9/10/11May2016 as it is closely located to the area where my wife's parents are living. I have to say that i was pleasantly surprised about the improved breakfast as that was really poor 1,5 year ago. Also the room where the breakfast is served nowadays is really convenient. It's a rather small hotel so don't expect a huge variety but if you're used to Indonesian food you will be perfectly fine. We also tried some diner dishes which perfectly met our expectation and can be considered as very affordable. The staff really tries to do everything in their power to give you a pleasant time and the manager as well as sales manager every now and than, ask if things are as per expectation and they really appreciate and use";
"The place is really average. The location is good. Its close to Pejaten Village mall and a massage is just beside.  This location means that you are close to Ampera and Kemang.  The breakfast was really bad.  I stayed at the ground floor. The room wasn't noisy ans bed was a bit hard and I like it that way. The bathroom was always refilled with brush paste.   Staff tries really hard. Service is extent good. I got my shirts pressed for free everyday.";
"A good and proper place for staycation especially for family. Near Ragunan Zoo and Pejaten Village mall, also Kemang and Cilandak area. Some food place and shop around hotel, also near Transjakarta shelter for public transportation user. Really a peaceful place to begin with and there is a small gym and pool for daily activity. Affordable and good impression for the hospitality service. Only the food needs to be improved. Recommended overall.";
"i stayed a night with my family for our holiday.  its not convincing from the street, its looks ordinary small building, but when i got inside theres a nice welcome lobby, the bar and resto had a very good interior design, overall the goods on the hotel have a great taste of interior design, they had modern sanitary and spacious clean room.  the facility quite complete, they had a gym and a pool but the air conditioner in our larger suite room is too small for huge room  so i had a nice experience to stay there";
"This hotel is located strategically as it is close to the Ragunan zoo, and is surrounded by apartments, gas stations, and shopping centers. Completed with a swimming pool, fitness center and meeting rooms made this hotel suit for business. Semi-western interior also comfort for foreigner including the taste of food and room suite.";
"The Deluxe Room is very spacious. Menu of Breakfast change everyday. Tasty enough. Strategic location in South Jakarta near Ragunan Zoo and Pusdiklat PLN. There are Busway Stop in front of hotel. Many food stall around it.";
"Stayed here for family trip. Nice little hotel. The staff is very attentive, breakfast was good they served up Fresh Sushi. Very good considering the price. The Suite room we stayed in is huge, the bathroom is marbled and also the coffee shop has high end espresso machine. Will come again";
"Oyo aplikasi baru diIndonesia... banyak promo...salah satunya nginep gratisan hehehehhe.... saya menginap secara gratis... untuk kamar standar oyo bagus...kasurnya empuk...ada ac dan ada air minum...secara umum bagus";
"not realy comfort place, but u can find a cheap price here. almost the visitor here are a couple to take a express love from a girls who sell a love around hotels. but this hotels placed in strategis place in east jakarta.";
"We book the hotel due to the convenient distance of a family event. To our shock after 2 hours flying and 2 hours airport transfer by road we ended up in a filthy "LOVE BIRD" short time hotel.. Arriving by 8:00 PM our room was still not available and once we took the time about 30 mins later its smelt of the FRIED RICE and the sheets was stained and smelly. WISH I had the UV light scanner. AC was not working, and the toilet floor was SLIPPERY.  We decided to ABANDON SHIP and move out the room...";
"really affordable and simple and good location. pure answer to simple needs thats safe, friendly and easy access. would still suggest this to budgeted travellers from outside jakarta and not much of a needy users or guests...";
"Really. I never expected anything this bad. I was simply too exhausted to go home (which takes 3 hours, by the way) so I thought why not find a cheap room where I can crash for the night and get off in the morning for work.  And this cost me almost 20 USD for real. I really am holding back from using the f word.  I can't even call this a hotel. The receptionist was rude af—and that desk didn't qualify as front desk by the way. The exterior seems acceptable, but I regretted spending a dime for the hotel as soon as I stepped into the room. The bed was freaking filthy disgusting. Pretty sure the linens hadn't been washed at least in days, the bathroom never been cleaned in weeks, and everything was just downright disgusting.  I had to turn the lamp off and wear all my clothes on";
"I know I am looking for cheap place to stay but I found some affordable places that better than this one. The bathroom is terrible, no view, fuggy, the tv channel is not clear. Especially it was rainy day.";
"Jakarta is much bigger than Kuala Lumpur a lot as it divides to 5 districts, and it locates at most south end of Jakarta Selatan district with all housing areas. No public buses and trains nearby, only can take by taxi, even go nearest popular spot, Raguan Zoo, also need taxi go there for 30 mins, which is impossible walking around at all. Go to main city centre of Jakarta by taxi also needed at least 2 hours due to extreme super duper heavy traffic jam. At night, nearby hostel has no road lights at all, is very dangerous for all people, especially our family trip with 4 female. Besides that, opposite of the hostel having big construction, so dust and haze flow around until we are not dare open window for whole day. The hostel outlook is showed that no renovation for improvement";
"Actually it is not hotel ! it is only rooms sold to be rent hourly with for couples. the room is disty, even I pushed the staff to change the sheet because many hairs from other guest before. It is a joke to say this place is 3 star hotel. Never use this hotel anymore, it is my promise to my self";
"When looking for a wedding venue for friends, I saw an advertisement on Instagram regarding an intimate wedding package. I immediately contacted one of the sales. She was very friendly and gave detailed information about the package. regarding the predetermined date is very tight, so I need everything extra fast regarding dealing. she was very patient in handling us who were very concerned about the venue, catering and other operations. On the D-day, everything went well and the bride and groom and their family were very happy with the event. all the staff there are very friendly, even though at that time the hotel has not officially opened. In my opinion, the rooftop bar is perfect for a small wedding venue. Thank you Ms. Meisya for being part of my friend's wedding. good job !";
"Staying for 1 night with family in Aloft it was so amazing! Good ambience, Clean Room, friendly staff especially sabrina, fernandes, and zaelani made our stay so specials! Thank you for the extra mile while we had breakfast and made pouched egg as the request it’s So perfecccccct✨ Definitely we’ll back soon!";
"The hotel seems new and nice. Their interiors and designs are more like lifestyles and colorful. The lobby also had billiards, and their swimming pool is in rooftop with bar, super great. Service are ok, overall it was a great staycation for those who need some getaway at Jakarta.";
"The room was perfect, but the most memorable one was when there was a minor incident inside the room and they handled it with great courtesy and efficiency. No unnecessary chit-chat, they made sure my stay wasn't disturbed and fixed the issue right away. I enjoyed such efficient service and how they take care of me as a guest.  When I checked-in, they also briefed me about certain changes of the service following the health protocol thoroughly and with a clear and friendly manner. I didn't need to ask anything, they had explained all my concern.";
"Safwah Bintaro is a great place stay. The staff are so very accommodating and helpful,  and all with a big smile. I have loved my time here with them.  The breakfasts have been delicious even for my european taste buds. The rooms are clean and tidy, and the beds so comfy. A very big thank you to all the team at Safwah Bintaro.  Kindest regards Rob";
"This hotel is quite, clean and will give you good sleep quality due to its serenity. The staff were friendly and helpfull but the premises needs more street sign from Bintaro sektor 9 st to help the guests to find the hotel. Nobody will ever think to find a hotel on a narroe H. Som st.";
"This is an incredible place to stay! The rooms and facilities are very good, and improving as I write this through investment in updates and expansion. The thing that makes this hotel stand head and shoulders above any hotel I've ever stayed in is the staff. Nothing is too much trouble for them, and everything is done with a warm smile and a warm heart.   If you're planning to stay in Bintaro, stay here and you'll be very well looked after.  I give this place the highest recommendation possible and will be sure to return.  Thank you so much to all of the staff at the Safwah.";
"We stayed here as part of a study tour and the staff were the nicest, most accomodating people I have met in a long time. They offered a driver service which was unbelievable and we were very grateful to have help getting around.  The hotel is comfortable, clean and we enjoyed our stay very much.  Would stay here again on my next trip definitely";
"I stayed in this hotel for three days and it was a really nice stay. The hotel room and bathroom are clean, coffee and tea are provided, everything is tidy and cozy. The breakfast and meal are also really good. The hotel provides several types of breakfast.";
"I booked 5 rooms for me and family for 2 nights. The main reason I chose this place to stay is because the rooms are spacious and equipped with a comfortable family room. Although located in the middle of the city of South Jakarta, this hotel provides coolness and calmness. Swimming pool suitable for families. The hospitality of the hotel staff was good. I thank Mr. Arief for accommodating my room according to my criteria and needs. I really recommend you stay here if you have a plan to visit Jakarta, between short or long stay! Thank you Pejaten Valley Residence! Can't wait to see you on my next trip )";
"Location not too far from Kemang area, close to pejaten village ( shopping area )  It’s a remote in town, feels like home and a spacious room you will like to stay here.  Has a pool with green area.  Meals for breakfast are good, staff here so nice and hospitalize services.  Will be back again for sure.";
"1. Dirty bathroom with an old mirror and lots of musquitos. 2. Old towels. 3. Dirty sofa. I couldn't let myself to sit on it. 4. Stinky fridge and the kettle and its cover is broken. When I asked for a new kettle, the worker said that all kettles have the same condition. Lucky it still works.  Place is quiet and staff are friendly except one day they knocked the room door and woke me up before 7am (breakfast time) without reservation. Indonesian basic breakfast. Not happy with the amount of money I paid.";
"The location and building is good, but need more maintenance. The bathroom has problem with drain when I was here, and I have to repaired it by myself. Also towel for guest not prepared well, I ask for replacement after found dirty towel. Hope will get better in future because the location is very close with my office.";
"Have stayed here twice. A nice, quiet, calm and refreshing place to stay in Jakarta.. Though hidden, but easily found. Near many good restaurants and a shopping center, easy to find anything you need. The room is very spacious, clean, well-decor and comfortable. The breakfast could be better, because there was too few options and quite bland. The staffs were very helpful though. Overall, definitely will stay here again someday!";
"It's easy to find the location by following the maps. It was noisy because our room was just in front of the stairs and people chatting until late at night. Only got 1 blanket and TV satellite only worked for 2 or 3 international channels";
"Knew this budget hotel from one of the community. Overall my stay was not pleasant except the friendliness of the staffs 1. Book thru one of the OTA Boo****, price was 70% higher than their actual price on their own web. (Feel cheated) 2. No mirror! Warn ladies to not stay here! No mirror in room.  3. No toiletries No tissue. Goddamn 4. The exaust in bathroom is noisy at first day. They fixed the next day(after cleaning during the day)  Location is good, close to Mall Ambassador, Plaza festival and Direktorat Imigrasi.   Next, Just happy to stay somewhere Kuningan!";
"Small room. Has everything you need though.  Very central to South jkta city.  Hot shower,  security is good. Clean. Friendly helpful.   staff.  Has area for cooking food.  Satellite television and cool aircond.  Quite at night.";
"One of the budget accommodations that are spread across several regions in Indonesia. I stayed in one of the RedDoorz network located at one of the business center in the Kuningan area, Jakarta. The place is not hard to find despite being in a location that is quite dense. The area around is quite crowded because a lot of inns and boarding houses for the employees who work in the Kuningan areas.  To search for kind of food is not difficult, many local resto with a variety of menus and a very affordable price, taste are qualified or if you want to choose foods with a higher budget, several large shopping centers can be found, the restaurants are quite famous.  Amenities room was very comfortable and clean. Wi-Fi is available for free.. It’s always sound good to me. The staff was";
"I travelled with my friends and test one night at Literooms. First room i had is standard room is not so good due to the bathroom is smell and i need to open the balcony. I decided to move to other rooms more high category, they called family room. This is room is excellent, the room  have 2 bed rooms , kitchenete, small living room and good wifi connection. After try on second nights, i decided stay 4 nights more.  Around hotel area is apartment tower with a lot of shop and laundry counter.  Good hospitality from the staff, just need improve housekeeping awareness to cleane room in time.   Overall is good and would be back soon.";
"the actual room is far far far far from the promotion photo, very bad, i need to change room 2 times and keep asking the room like the promotion photo. But they said it is full. So I don't know whether the promotion photo room is exist or not. The good point is the reception is very nice. And you have to leave your ID card in the receptionist. Please remember that you have to turn off your air-con if you want to turn on water boiler or the electricity will drop. LOL";
"Thanks for your hospitality! I spent my 2 nights at this hotel. If you really wanna try to sleepover there, you can go Kebagusan City Apartment and try to find Tower C. The staff was so friendly and they have a clean apartment with studio type. Such a comfortable place to stay.";